sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/api/AliasEdit.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setTarget': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/api/AliasService.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'APPLICATION_ID': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/api/AliasService.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'REFERENCE_ROOT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/api/AliasService.java:47:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_ADD_ALIAS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/api/AliasService.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_UPDATE_ALIAS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/api/AliasService.java:53:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_REMOVE_ALIAS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/api/VirusScanner.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getEnabled': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/api/VirusScanner.java:49:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'scan': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/api/VirusScanner.java:57:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'scan': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/api/VirusScanner.java:65:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'scanContent': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroup.java:107:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getMaintainRole': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroup.java:116:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getMember': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroup.java:123:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getMembers': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroup.java:141:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getProviderGroupId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroup.java:150:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRole': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroup.java:157:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRoles': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroup.java:166:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRolesIsAllowed': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroup.java:175:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUserRole': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroup.java:182:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUsers': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroup.java:189:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUsersHasRole': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroup.java:198:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUsersIsAllowed': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroup.java:227:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isEmpty': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroup.java:333:	UnnecessarySemicolon:	Unnecessary semicolon
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupAdvisor.java:42:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'update': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupAdvisor.java:52:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'groupUpdate': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupAdvisor.java:59:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'remove': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupReferenceBuilder.java:21:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:49:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'APPLICATION_ID': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:52:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'REFERENCE_ROOT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:55:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_ADD_AUTHZ_GROUP': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:58:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_REMOVE_AUTHZ_GROUP': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:61:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_UPDATE_AUTHZ_GROUP': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:64:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_JOIN_AUTHZ_GROUP': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:67:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_UNJOIN_AUTHZ_GROUP': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:70:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_VIEW_ALL_AUTHZ_GROUPS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:73:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_UPDATE_OWN_AUTHZ_GROUP': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:76:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'ANON_ROLE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:79:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'AUTH_ROLE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:87:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getProviderIDsForRealms': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:112:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:489:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAuthzGroupIds': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:497:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getProviderIds': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:505:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAuthzUsersInGroups': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:513:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addAuthzGroupAdvisor': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:521:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'removeAuthzGroupAdvisor': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:528:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAuthzGroupAdvisors': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:535:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAdditionalRoles': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:542:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isRoleAssignable': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:549:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRoleName': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:556:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRoleGroupName': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:563:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getMaintainRoles': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzGroupService.java:572:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getGroupReference': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/AuthzPermissionException.java:87:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/DisplayGroupProvider.java:35:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getGroupName': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/GroupAlreadyDefinedException.java:38:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/GroupFullException.java:43:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/GroupIdInvalidException.java:38:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/GroupIdInvalidException.java:43:	MissingOverride:	The method 'getMessage()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/GroupNotDefinedException.java:44:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/GroupProvider.java:82:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'packId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/PermissionsHelper.java:32:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PREFIX': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/PermissionsHelper.java:32:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/PermissionsHelper.java:35:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'DESCRIPTION': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/PermissionsHelper.java:35:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/PermissionsHelper.java:38:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'WARNING': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/PermissionsHelper.java:38:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/PermissionsHelper.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'TARGET_REF': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/PermissionsHelper.java:41:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/PermissionsHelper.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'ROLES_REF': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/PermissionsHelper.java:44:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/PermissionsHelper.java:47:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PREFIX_PERMISSION_DESCRIPTION': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/PermissionsHelper.java:47:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/PermissionsHelper.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PERMISSION_DESCRIPTION': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/PermissionsHelper.java:50:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/RoleAlreadyDefinedException.java:38:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/RoleNotDefinedException.java:38:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/RoleProvider.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAdditionalRoles': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/RoleProvider.java:46:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDisplayName': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/RoleProvider.java:53:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAllAdditionalRoles': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/SecurityAdvisor.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'ADVISOR_ALLOW_ALL_FUNCTIONS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/SecurityAdvisor.java:45:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/SecurityAdvisor.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on class 'SecurityAdvice': the class is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/SecurityAdvisor.java:54:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/SecurityService.java:27:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.exception.IdUnusedException'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/SecurityService.java:28:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.exception.SakaiException'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/SecurityService.java:29:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.site.api.Site'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/SecurityService.java:40:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SERVICE_NAME': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/SecurityService.java:184:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isUserRoleSwapped': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/SimpleRole.java:42:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/api/SimpleRole.java:42:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/FunctionManager.java:33:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/FunctionManager.java:47:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/FunctionManager.java:48:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/FunctionManager.java:59:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/FunctionManager.java:62:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/FunctionManager.java:67:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/FunctionManager.java:70:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/FunctionManager.java:78:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/FunctionManager.java:78:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/FunctionManager.java:83:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/FunctionManager.java:86:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/FunctionManager.java:86:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/FunctionManager.java:94:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/FunctionManager.java:94:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/FunctionManager.java:99:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/FunctionManager.java:102:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/FunctionManager.java:102:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:25:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.exception.IdUnusedException'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:36:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:47:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:48:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:61:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:63:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:63:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:66:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:66:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:74:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:74:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:79:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:82:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:82:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:87:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:87:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:90:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:90:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:95:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:95:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:98:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:98:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:103:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:103:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:103:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:106:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:106:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:111:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:111:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:111:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:114:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:114:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:122:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:130:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:138:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:138:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:146:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:152:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:152:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:155:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:155:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:162:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:169:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/cover/SecurityService.java:169:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/cover/ClusterService.java:33:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/cover/ClusterService.java:44:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/cover/ClusterService.java:45:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/cover/ClusterService.java:61:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/cover/ClusterService.java:61:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/Condition.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getOperator': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/Condition.java:43:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getReceiver': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/Condition.java:49:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getMethod': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/Condition.java:56:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getArgument': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/ConditionService.java:38:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PROP_CONDITIONAL_RELEASE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/ConditionService.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PROP_CONDITIONAL_NOTIFICATION_ID': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/ConditionService.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PROP_SUBMITTED_FUNCTION_NAME': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/ConditionService.java:47:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PROP_SUBMITTED_RESOURCE_FILTER': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/ConditionService.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PROP_SELECTED_CONDITION_KEY': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/ConditionService.java:53:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PROP_CONDITIONAL_RELEASE_ARGUMENT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/ConditionService.java:59:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRegisteredServiceNames': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/ConditionService.java:69:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'registerConditionProvider': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/ConditionService.java:76:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getConditionProvider': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/ConditionService.java:88:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getClassNameForEvent': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/ConditionService.java:98:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getEntitiesForServiceAndContext': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/ConditionService.java:109:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'makeBooleanExpression': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/ConditionService.java:121:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'makeRule': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/ConditionService.java:135:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addRule': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/ConditionService.java:143:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getConditionTemplateSetForService': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/ConditionService.java:149:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'registerConditionTemplates': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/ConditionTemplate.java:38:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'conditionFromParameters': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/ConditionTemplateSet.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getConditionTemplates': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/ConditionTemplateSet.java:43:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/ConditionTemplateSet.java:49:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDisplayName': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/EvaluationAction.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'execute': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/Operator.java:38:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'LESS_THAN': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/Operator.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'GREATER_THAN': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/Operator.java:40:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EQUAL_TO': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/Operator.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'GREATER_THAN_EQUAL_TO': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/Operator.java:42:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'NO_OP': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/Operator.java:48:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getType': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/api/Rule.java:46:	UnnecessarySemicolon:	Unnecessary semicolon
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/config/api/HibernateConfigItem.java:117:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/config/api/HibernateConfigItem.java:405:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentChangeHandler.java:48:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'copy': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentChangeHandlerImpl.java:21:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentCollection.java:42:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getMembers': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentCollection.java:49:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getMemberResources': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentCollection.java:55:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getBodySizeK': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentCollection.java:63:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getMemberCount': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentCollection.java:71:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getReleaseDate': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentCollection.java:79:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRetractDate': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentCollection.java:86:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getReleaseTime': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentCollection.java:94:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRetractTime': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentEntity.java:24:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unnecessary import from the current package 'org.sakaiproject.content.api.GroupAwareEntity'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentEntity.java:34:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getContainingCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentEntity.java:40:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentEntity.java:46:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentEntity.java:53:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getResourceType': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentEntity.java:59:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getContentHandler': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentEntity.java:65:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setContentHandler': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentEntity.java:71:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getVirtualContentEntity': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentEntity.java:77:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setVirtualContentEntity': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentEntity.java:84:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getMember': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentEntity.java:93:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUrl': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentFilter.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'wrap': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingHandler.java:184:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'new_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingHandler.java:191:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'new_folder_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingHandlerResolver.java:34:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'CHH_BEAN_NAME': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingHandlerResolver.java:210:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'new_folder_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingHandlerResolver.java:218:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'new_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:30:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'java.util.Optional'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:103:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'APPLICATION_ID': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:106:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'CONDITIONAL_ACCESS_LIST': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:109:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'REFERENCE_ROOT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:112:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EVENT_RESOURCE_ADD': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:115:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EVENT_RESOURCE_READ': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:117:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EVENT_RESOURCE_ZIP_DOWNLOAD': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:120:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EVENT_RESOURCE_WRITE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:123:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EVENT_RESOURCE_REMOVE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:126:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EVENT_RESOURCE_AVAILABLE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:129:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EVENT_RESOURCE_UNAVAILABLE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:136:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EVENT_RESOURCE_UPD_VISIBILITY': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:143:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EVENT_RESOURCE_UPD_ACCESS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:148:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EVENT_RESOURCE_UPD_TITLE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:153:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EVENT_RESOURCE_UPD_NEW_VERSION': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:156:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'AUTH_RESOURCE_ADD': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:159:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'AUTH_RESOURCE_READ': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:162:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'AUTH_RESOURCE_WRITE_ANY': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:165:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'AUTH_RESOURCE_WRITE_OWN': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:168:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'AUTH_RESOURCE_REMOVE_ANY': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:171:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'AUTH_RESOURCE_REMOVE_OWN': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:174:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'AUTH_RESOURCE_ALL_GROUPS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:177:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'AUTH_GROUP_RESOURCE_READ': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:180:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'AUTH_DROPBOX_OWN': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:183:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'AUTH_DROPBOX_GROUPS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:186:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'AUTH_DROPBOX_MAINTAIN': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:189:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'AUTH_DROPBOX_WRITE_OWN': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:192:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'AUTH_DROPBOX_WRITE_ANY': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:195:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'AUTH_DROPBOX_REMOVE_OWN': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:198:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'AUTH_DROPBOX_REMOVE_ANY': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:201:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'AUTH_RESOURCE_HIDDEN': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:204:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PROP_ALTERNATE_REFERENCE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:207:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PROP_DROPBOX_CHANGE_TIMESTAMP': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:210:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'MAXIMUM_RESOURCE_ID_LENGTH': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:213:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'MAXIMUM_ATTEMPTS_FOR_UNIQUENESS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:216:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'MAXIMUM_PAGE_SIZE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:223:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'CONTENT_RESOURCE_PRIORITY_OFFSET': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:226:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'ATTACHMENTS_COLLECTION': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:229:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'COLLECTION_USER': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:232:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'COLLECTION_SITE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:235:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'COLLECTION_DROPBOX': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:238:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'COLLECTION_PUBLIC': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:241:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'COLLECTION_PRIVATE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:244:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'COLLECTION_MELETE_DOCS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:247:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'ROOT_COLLECTIONS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:250:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'RESOURCES_ZIP_ENABLE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:253:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'RESOURCES_ZIP_EXPAND_MAX': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:256:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'RESOURCES_ZIP_ENABLE_EXPAND': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:259:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'RESOURCES_ZIP_ENABLE_COMPRESS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:261:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'ID_LENGTH_EXCEPTION': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:263:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'HTML_MIMETYPE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:264:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'DOC_MIMETYPE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:265:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'DOCX_MIMETYPE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:267:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'ODT_MIMETYPE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:268:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'ODP_MIMETYPE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:269:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PDF_MIMETYPE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:270:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PPT_MIMETYPE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:271:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PPTX_MIMETYPE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:276:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PREVIEW': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:280:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'CONVERSION_TOO_BIG': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:281:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'CONVERSION_OK': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:282:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'CONVERSION_FAILED': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:283:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'CONVERSION_NOT_SUPPORTED': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:285:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'SAK_PROP_MAX_UPLOAD_FILE_SIZE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:290:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'DEFAULT_INSTRUCTOR_FOLDER': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:291:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'DEFAULT_STUDENT_FOLDER': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:296:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUuid': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:304:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setUuid': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:310:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'resolveUuid': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:319:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'allowAddCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:340:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:369:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:404:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:421:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:431:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'allowGetCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:445:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'checkCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:460:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:476:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getCollectionSize': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:485:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAllEntities': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:495:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAllResources': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:504:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAllDeletedResources': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:513:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'allowUpdateCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:530:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'editCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:540:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'allowRemoveCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:558:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'removeCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:575:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'removeCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:585:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'commitCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:593:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cancelCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:604:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'allowAddResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:635:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:666:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:708:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:744:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:778:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:823:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:874:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:923:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:944:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:952:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'allowAddAttachmentResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:962:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isAttachmentResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:992:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addAttachmentResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1023:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addAttachmentResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1059:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addAttachmentResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1094:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addAttachmentResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1117:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addAttachmentResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1127:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'allowUpdateResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1152:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updateResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1170:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'editResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1179:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'allowGetResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1193:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'checkResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1208:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1217:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'allowRemoveResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1234:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'removeResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1245:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'removeResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1254:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'allowRename': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1254:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'new_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1278:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'rename': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1278:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'new_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1290:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'allowCopy': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1290:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'new_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1313:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'copy': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1313:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'new_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1343:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'copyIntoFolder': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1343:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'folder_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1372:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'moveIntoFolder': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1372:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'folder_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1385:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'commitResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1399:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'commitResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1407:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cancelResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1418:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'allowGetProperties': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1431:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getProperties': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1440:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'allowAddProperty': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1463:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addProperty': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1473:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'allowRemoveProperty': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1494:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'removeProperty': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1511:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUrl': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1522:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUrl': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1531:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getReference': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1540:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getContainingCollectionId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1551:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDepth': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1560:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isRootCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1567:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'newResourceProperties': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1591:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1613:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'lockObject': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1621:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'removeLock': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1629:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isLocked': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1637:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'containsLockedNode': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1644:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'removeAllLocks': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1653:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isPubView': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1664:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isInheritingPubView': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1674:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setPubView': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1687:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setRoleView': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1697:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isRoleView': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1707:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isInheritingRoleView': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1715:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRoleViews': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1730:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'findResources': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1743:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'findResources': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1750:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getCollectionMap': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1758:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'eliminateDuplicates': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1763:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'createDropboxCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1771:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'createDropboxCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1780:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDropboxCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1789:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'createIndividualDropbox': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1800:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDropboxCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1807:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isDropboxMaintainer': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1814:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isDropboxMaintainer': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1821:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isDropboxGroups': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1829:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDropboxDisplayName': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1838:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDropboxDisplayName': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1845:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isInDropbox': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1852:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isSiteLevelDropbox': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1859:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isIndividualDropbox': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1866:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isInsideIndividualDropbox': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1876:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'newContentHostingComparator': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1889:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getGroupsWithReadAccess': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1901:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getGroupsWithAddPermission': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1913:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getGroupsWithRemovePermission': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1920:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isShortRefs': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1926:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isAvailabilityEnabled': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1935:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isAvailable': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1941:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isSortByPriorityEnabled': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1950:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1985:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:1985:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'maximum_tries' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:2006:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:2035:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:2046:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getQuota': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:2052:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isContentHostingHandlersEnabled': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:2059:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getIndividualDropboxId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:2080:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getResourcesOfType': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:2089:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getContextResourcesOfType': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:2107:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'restoreResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:2117:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'removeDeletedResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:2126:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDirectLinkToAsset': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:2133:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'expandZippedResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:2142:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'expandMacros': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:2149:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getHtmlForRefMimetypes': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:2154:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getHtmlForRef': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:2163:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInstructorUploadFolderName': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentHostingService.java:2172:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getStudentUploadFolderName': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentPrintService.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on field 'CONTENT_PRINT_SERVICE_URL': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentPrintService.java:42:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on field 'CONTENT_PRINT_SUCCESS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentPrintService.java:47:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on field 'CONTENT_PRINT_NOT_IMPLEMENTED': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentPrintService.java:52:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on field 'CONTENT_PRINT_RESPONSE_STATUS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentPrintService.java:53:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on field 'CONTENT_PRINT_RESPONSE_STATUS_SUCCESS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentPrintService.java:54:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on field 'CONTENT_PRINT_RESPONSE_STATUS_FAILURE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentPrintService.java:59:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on field 'CONTENT_PRINT_RESPONSE_MESSAGE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentPrintService.java:64:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on field 'CONTENT_PRINT_RESPONSE_URL': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentPrintService.java:65:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on field 'CONTENT_PRINT_RESPONSE_URL_TITLE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentPrintService.java:71:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isPrintable': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentPrintService.java:78:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentPrintService.java:78:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'printResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentResource.java:38:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getContentLength': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentResource.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getContentType': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentResource.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getContentSha256': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentResource.java:59:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getContent': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentResource.java:67:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'streamContent': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentResourceEdit.java:38:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setContentLength': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentResourceEdit.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setContentType': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentResourceEdit.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setContentSha256': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentResourceEdit.java:56:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setContent': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentResourceEdit.java:61:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setContent': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentResourceFilter.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'filterAllowedActions': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentResourceFilter.java:48:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'allowSelect': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentResourceFilter.java:58:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'allowView': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentTypeImageService.java:35:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'SERVICE_NAME': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentTypeImageService.java:43:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getContentTypeImage': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentTypeImageService.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getContentTypeImageClass': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentTypeImageService.java:57:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getContentTypeDisplayName': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentTypeImageService.java:64:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getContentTypeExtension': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentTypeImageService.java:71:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getContentType': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentTypeImageService.java:78:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isUnknownType': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentTypeImageService.java:84:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getMimeCategories': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ContentTypeImageService.java:91:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getMimeSubtypes': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/CustomToolAction.java:47:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isAllowed': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ExpandableResourceType.java:52:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getIconLocation': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ExpandableResourceType.java:61:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getIconClass': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ExpandableResourceType.java:81:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getLocalizedHoverText': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ExpandableResourceType.java:88:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getExpandAction': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ExpandableResourceType.java:95:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getCollapseAction': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ExpandableResourceType.java:105:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'allowAddAction': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FileConversionService.java:26:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'DEFAULT_TYPES': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:26:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PREFIX': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:26:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:31:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'FILE_PICKER_ATTACHMENTS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:31:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:31:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'FilePickerHelper': 'PREFIX' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:38:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'FILE_PICKER_ATTACH_LINKS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:38:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:38:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'FilePickerHelper': 'PREFIX' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'FILE_PICKER_MAX_ATTACHMENTS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:44:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:44:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'FilePickerHelper': 'PREFIX' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:47:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'CARDINALITY_SINGLE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:47:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'CARDINALITY_MULTIPLE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:50:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:55:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'FILE_PICKER_TITLE_TEXT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:55:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:55:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'FilePickerHelper': 'PREFIX' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:61:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'FILE_PICKER_INSTRUCTION_TEXT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:61:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:61:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'FilePickerHelper': 'PREFIX' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:68:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'FILE_PICKER_RESOURCE_FILTER': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:68:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:68:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'FilePickerHelper': 'PREFIX' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:74:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'FILE_PICKER_CANCEL': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:74:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:74:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'FilePickerHelper': 'PREFIX' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:79:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'FILE_PICKER_FROM_TEXT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:79:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:84:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'FILE_PICKER_SUBTITLE_TEXT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:84:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:84:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'FilePickerHelper': 'PREFIX' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:91:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'FILE_PICKER_SHOW_DROPBOXES': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:91:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:91:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'FilePickerHelper': 'PREFIX' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:98:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'FILE_PICKER_SHOW_WORKSPACE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:98:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:98:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'FilePickerHelper': 'PREFIX' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:106:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'FILE_PICKER_SHOW_URL': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:106:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:106:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'FilePickerHelper': 'PREFIX' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:112:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'DEFAULT_COLLECTION_ID': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:112:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:112:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'FilePickerHelper': 'PREFIX' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:118:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'START_HELPER': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:118:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:118:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'FilePickerHelper': 'PREFIX' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:125:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'LINKING_ENTITY': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:125:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FilePickerHelper.java:125:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'FilePickerHelper': 'PREFIX' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FileSystemHandler.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAssetDirectLink': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FileSystemHandler.java:48:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInputStream': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FileSystemHandler.java:59:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'saveInputStream': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/FileSystemHandler.java:69:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'delete': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEdit.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'clearGroupAccess': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEdit.java:53:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setGroupAccess': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEdit.java:60:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setPublicAccess': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEdit.java:66:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'clearPublicAccess': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEdit.java:76:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addRoleAccess': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEdit.java:86:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'removeRoleAccess': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEdit.java:94:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'clearRoleAccess': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEdit.java:102:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setReleaseDate': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEdit.java:110:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setReleaseTime': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEdit.java:118:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setReleaseInstant': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEdit.java:126:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setRetractDate': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEdit.java:134:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setRetractTime': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEdit.java:141:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setRetractInstant': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEdit.java:147:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setHidden': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEdit.java:162:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setAvailability': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEdit.java:176:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setAvailabilityInstant': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEdit.java:183:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setResourceType': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEntity.java:43:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getGroups': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEntity.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getGroupObjects': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEntity.java:57:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAccess': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEntity.java:64:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInheritedGroups': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEntity.java:69:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRoleAccessIds': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEntity.java:74:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInheritedRoleAccessIds': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEntity.java:81:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInheritedGroupObjects': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEntity.java:91:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInheritedAccess': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEntity.java:100:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getReleaseDate': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEntity.java:107:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getReleaseInstant': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEntity.java:116:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRetractDate': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEntity.java:123:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRetractInstant': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEntity.java:130:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isHidden': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEntity.java:138:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isAvailable': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEntity.java:145:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEntity.java:145:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on class 'AccessMode': the class is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEntity.java:154:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEntity.java:159:	MissingOverride:	The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEntity.java:174:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hashCode()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEntity.java:180:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEntity.java:181:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/GroupAwareEntity.java:182:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/InteractionAction.java:26:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'javax.servlet.http.HttpServletRequest'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/InteractionAction.java:55:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getHelperId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/InteractionAction.java:62:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRequiredPropertyKeys': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/InteractionAction.java:73:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'initializeAction': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/InteractionAction.java:80:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'finalizeAction': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/InteractionAction.java:89:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cancelAction': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/MultiFileUploadPipe.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setFileCount': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/OperationDelegationException.java:35:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceEditingHelper.java:26:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'CREATE_TYPE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceEditingHelper.java:26:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceEditingHelper.java:28:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'CREATE_TYPE_FORM': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceEditingHelper.java:28:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceEditingHelper.java:30:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'CREATE_SUB_TYPE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceEditingHelper.java:30:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceEditingHelper.java:32:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'CREATE_PARENT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceEditingHelper.java:32:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceEditingHelper.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'ATTACHMENT_ID': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceEditingHelper.java:37:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceEditingHelper.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'CUSTOM_CSS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceEditingHelper.java:39:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on enum 'ActionType': the enum is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:210:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'CREATE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:211:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'DELETE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:212:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'COPY': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:213:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'REVISE_CONTENT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:214:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'REPLACE_CONTENT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:215:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'REVISE_METADATA': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:216:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'ACCESS_CONTENT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:217:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'ACCESS_PROPERTIES': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:218:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'DUPLICATE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:219:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'MOVE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:220:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PASTE_MOVED': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:221:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PASTE_COPIED': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:222:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PERMISSIONS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:223:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'REORDER': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:224:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EXPAND': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:225:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'COLLAPSE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:226:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'RESTORE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:227:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'COMPRESS_ZIP_FOLDER': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:228:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EXPAND_ZIP_ARCHIVE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:229:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'MAKE_SITE_PAGE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:230:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'SHOW': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:231:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'HIDE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:232:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'COPY_OTHER': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:233:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PRINT_FILE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:234:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'ACTION_DELIMITER': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:235:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'ZIPDOWNLOAD': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:243:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PREFIX': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:245:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'ACTION_PIPE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:247:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'STARTED': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:249:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'STATE_MODE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:251:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'DONE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:257:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:263:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTypeId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:269:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getActionType': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:277:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getLabel': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolAction.java:284:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'available': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:57:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAction': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:65:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getContent': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:73:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getContentstring': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:81:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getContentEntity': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:90:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getContentStream': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:98:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getFileName': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:104:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getFileUploadSize': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:111:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getMimeType': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:119:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getErrorMessage': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:124:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getHelperId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:133:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInitializationId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:141:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPropertyValue': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:149:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRevisedContent': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:157:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRevisedContentStream': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:163:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRevisedMimeType': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:169:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRevisedResourceProperties': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:177:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isActionCanceled': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:182:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isActionCompleted': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:190:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isErrorEncountered': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:196:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setActionCanceled': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:201:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setActionCompleted': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:207:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setContent': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:215:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setContentEntity': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:222:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setContentStream': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:228:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setMimeType': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:235:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setErrorEncountered': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:246:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setErrorMessage': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:254:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setInitializationId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:262:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setResourceProperty': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:270:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setResourceProperty': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:276:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setRevisedContent': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:282:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setRevisedContentStream': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:289:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setRevisedMimeType': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:299:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setRevisedResourceProperty': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:309:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setRevisedResourceProperty': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:314:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setHelperId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:322:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setFileName': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:331:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setRevisedListItem': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:341:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRevisedListItem': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:348:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setNotification': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceToolActionPipe.java:355:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getNotification': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:32:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'TYPE_TEXT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:33:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'TYPE_HTML': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:34:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'TYPE_URL': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:35:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'TYPE_UPLOAD': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:36:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'TYPE_FOLDER': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'TYPE_METAOBJ': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'MIME_TYPE_TEXT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:40:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'MIME_TYPE_HTML': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'MIME_TYPE_METAOBJ': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:42:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'MIME_TYPE_URL': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:43:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'MIME_TYPE_MICROSOFT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EXPANDABLE_FOLDER_SIZE_LIMIT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:47:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'MAX_LENGTH_SHORT_SIZE_LABEL': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:48:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'MAX_LENGTH_LONG_SIZE_LABEL': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:56:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getActions': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:65:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getActions': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:71:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAction': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:88:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getIconLocation': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:97:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getIconClass': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:105:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:110:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getLabel': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:123:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getLocalizedHoverText': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:138:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSizeLabel': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:153:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getLongSizeLabel': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:159:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'hasAvailabilityDialog': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:165:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'hasDescription': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:171:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'hasGroupsDialog': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:177:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'hasNotificationDialog': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:183:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'hasOptionalPropertiesDialog': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:189:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'hasPublicDialog': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:195:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'hasRightsDialog': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceType.java:203:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isExpandable': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceTypeRegistry.java:43:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAction': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceTypeRegistry.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getMultiItemAction': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceTypeRegistry.java:56:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getMultiItemActions': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceTypeRegistry.java:63:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getType': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceTypeRegistry.java:69:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTypes': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceTypeRegistry.java:79:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTypes': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceTypeRegistry.java:88:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'mimetype2resourcetype': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceTypeRegistry.java:97:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'newPipe': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceTypeRegistry.java:105:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'register': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceTypeRegistry.java:113:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'register': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceTypeRegistry.java:119:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getContentChangeHandler': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceTypeRegistry.java:124:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setMapOfResourceTypesForContext': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceTypeRegistry.java:130:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getMapOfResourceTypesForContext': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ResourceTypeRegistry.java:137:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTypes': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ServiceLevelAction.java:38:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'initializeAction': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ServiceLevelAction.java:46:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'finalizeAction': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ServiceLevelAction.java:55:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cancelAction': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/ServiceLevelAction.java:59:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isMultipleItemAction': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/SiteSpecificResourceType.java:34:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isEnabledByDefault': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/api/persistence/FileConversionQueueItem.java:26:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'javax.persistence.*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:48:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:59:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:60:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:76:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:78:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:80:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:82:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:84:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:86:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:88:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:90:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:91:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:92:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:93:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:94:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:95:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:96:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:97:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:98:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:99:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:100:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:101:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:103:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:107:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:107:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:110:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:115:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:115:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:115:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:118:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:131:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:131:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:134:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:139:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:139:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:142:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:147:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:152:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:157:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:160:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:160:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:176:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:182:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:204:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:205:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'Collection' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:210:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:215:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:220:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:225:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:228:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:228:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:233:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:237:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:242:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:245:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:245:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:250:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:253:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:253:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:258:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:261:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:261:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:266:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:271:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:276:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:279:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:279:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:289:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:294:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:299:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:307:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:315:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:320:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:323:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:323:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:328:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:328:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:335:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:340:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:340:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:341:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:348:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:353:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:353:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:354:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'Collection' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:360:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:365:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:365:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:366:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:367:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'Collection' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:374:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:379:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:385:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:393:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:393:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:398:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:401:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:401:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:406:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:407:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:413:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:418:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:419:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:419:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:419:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:426:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:431:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:437:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:442:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:445:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:445:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:450:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:450:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:456:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:461:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:466:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:471:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:474:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:474:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:479:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:482:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:482:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:491:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:496:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:501:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:506:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:506:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:509:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:509:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:514:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:514:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:517:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:517:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:526:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:535:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:543:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:548:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:551:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:551:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:556:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:559:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:559:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:564:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:564:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:565:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:570:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:575:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:578:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:578:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:583:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:583:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:589:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:594:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:594:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:597:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:602:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:605:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:605:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:613:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:618:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:618:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:621:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:626:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:626:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:627:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:630:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:635:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:640:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:645:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:649:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:654:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:654:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:661:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:666:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:666:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:674:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:679:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:679:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:686:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:694:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:694:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:701:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:706:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:710:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:715:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:715:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:718:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:723:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:723:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:723:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:724:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:724:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:724:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'Set' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:727:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:732:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:735:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:740:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:740:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:740:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:741:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:744:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:749:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:752:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:752:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:757:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:760:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:760:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:765:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:768:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:776:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:784:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:789:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'Collection' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:792:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:792:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:800:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:808:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:816:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:816:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:824:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:824:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:832:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:840:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:840:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:848:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:848:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:856:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:856:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:861:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'Collection' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:864:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:872:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:877:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:880:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:885:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:888:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:893:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:896:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:901:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:901:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:904:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:912:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:912:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:917:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:920:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:920:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:925:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:928:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:928:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:933:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:936:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:941:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:941:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:944:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:949:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:952:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:952:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:957:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:960:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:965:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'Collection' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:965:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:968:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:968:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:974:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'Collection' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:974:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:977:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:977:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:982:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'Collection' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:982:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:985:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:985:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:993:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:993:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1001:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1001:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1009:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1009:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1018:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1021:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1021:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1026:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1026:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1026:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1026:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'maximum_tries' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1036:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1049:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1049:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1055:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1069:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1069:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1075:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1090:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1102:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1102:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1115:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1140:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1140:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1149:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1158:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1169:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1169:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1177:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentHostingService.java:1177:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:33:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:44:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:45:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:58:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:60:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:60:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:63:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:68:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:68:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:71:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:76:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:76:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:79:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:84:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:84:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:87:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:92:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:95:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:95:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:100:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:100:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:103:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:111:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:111:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:116:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:119:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/cover/ContentTypeImageService.java:119:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/IdUtil.java:18:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/IdUtil.java:48:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/api/SqlService.java:27:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'java.util.GregorianCalendar'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:33:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:44:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:45:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:59:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:67:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:75:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:75:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:80:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:83:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:83:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:88:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:88:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Object' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:91:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:91:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:96:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:96:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Object' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:100:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:100:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:105:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:105:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Object' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:108:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:113:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:113:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Object' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:116:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:121:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:121:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Object' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:125:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:130:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:133:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:133:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:138:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:138:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:141:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:141:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:146:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:146:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Object' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:149:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:149:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:154:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:154:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Object' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:157:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:157:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:162:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:162:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Object' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:162:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:165:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:165:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:170:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:170:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Object' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:173:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:173:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:178:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:178:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Object' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:181:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:181:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:186:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:189:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:194:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:194:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'StringBuilder' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:197:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:202:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:202:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Object' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:202:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:206:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:214:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:219:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:222:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:230:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/cover/SqlService.java:238:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/Attachment.java:61:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/CharacterSet.java:23:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/CharacterSet.java:24:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/CharacterSet.java:25:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/CharacterSet.java:26:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/CharacterSet.java:27:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/CharacterSet.java:28:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/CharacterSet.java:30:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/CharacterSet.java:31:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/ContentType.java:32:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/ContentType.java:37:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/ContentType.java:42:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/DigestService.java:38:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SERVICE_NAME': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/DigestService.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'REFERENCE_ROOT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/DigestService.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_ADD_DIGEST': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/DigestService.java:47:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_EDIT_DIGEST': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/DigestService.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_REMOVE_DIGEST': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/EmailAddress.java:125:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/EmailHeaders.java:27:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/EmailHeaders.java:28:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/EmailHeaders.java:29:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/EmailHeaders.java:30:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/EmailHeaders.java:31:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/EmailHeaders.java:32:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/EmailHeaders.java:33:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/EmailHeaders.java:34:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/EmailHeaders.java:35:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/EmailHeaders.java:36:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/EmailHeaders.java:37:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/EmailHeaders.java:38:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/EmailHeaders.java:39:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/EmailMessage.java:21:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'java.util.Collections'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/EmailMessage.java:121:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/EmailService.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'MAIL_SENDFROMSAKAI_MAXSIZE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/EmailService.java:42:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'DEFAULT_MAXSIZE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/EmailService.java:43:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'MULTIPART_BOUNDARY': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/MultipartType.java:23:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/MultipartType.java:28:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/MultipartType.java:33:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/MultipartType.java:38:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/MultipartType.java:43:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/MultipartType.java:49:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/MultipartType.java:54:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/NoRecipientsException.java:26:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/PlainTextFormat.java:24:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/api/PlainTextFormat.java:25:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/DigestService.java:33:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/DigestService.java:44:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/DigestService.java:45:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/DigestService.java:57:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/DigestService.java:59:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/DigestService.java:61:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/DigestService.java:63:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/DigestService.java:65:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/DigestService.java:70:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/DigestService.java:75:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/DigestService.java:79:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/DigestService.java:87:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/DigestService.java:87:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/DigestService.java:92:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/DigestService.java:96:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/DigestService.java:104:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/DigestService.java:109:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/DigestService.java:109:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/DigestService.java:109:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/DigestService.java:112:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/DigestService.java:120:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/DigestService.java:125:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/DigestService.java:129:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/EmailService.java:33:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/EmailService.java:44:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/EmailService.java:45:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/EmailService.java:58:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/EmailService.java:58:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/EmailService.java:62:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/EmailService.java:67:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/EmailService.java:67:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/EmailService.java:67:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/EmailService.java:67:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/EmailService.java:68:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/EmailService.java:68:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/EmailService.java:71:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/EmailService.java:76:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/cover/EmailService.java:79:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/EmailTemplateService.java:30:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unnecessary import from the current package 'org.sakaiproject.emailtemplateservice.api.EmailTemplateLocaleUsers'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/EmailTemplateService.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'CURRENT_USER_EMAIL': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/EmailTemplateService.java:42:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'CURRENT_USER_FIRST_NAME': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/EmailTemplateService.java:47:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'CURRENT_USER_LAST_NAME': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/EmailTemplateService.java:52:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'CURRENT_USER_DISPLAY_NAME': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/EmailTemplateService.java:57:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'CURRENT_USER_DISPLAY_ID': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/EmailTemplateService.java:62:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'LOCAL_SAKAI_NAME': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/EmailTemplateService.java:67:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'LOCAL_SAKAI_URL': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/EmailTemplateService.java:72:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'LOCAL_SAKAI_SUPPORT_MAIL': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/EmailTemplateService.java:80:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getEmailTemplate': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/EmailTemplateService.java:88:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getEmailTemplates': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/EmailTemplateService.java:100:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRenderedTemplate': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/EmailTemplateService.java:112:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRenderedTemplateForUser': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/EmailTemplateService.java:118:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'saveTemplate': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/EmailTemplateService.java:124:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updateTemplate': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/EmailTemplateService.java:129:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getEmailTemplateById': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/EmailTemplateService.java:137:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRenderedTemplates': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/EmailTemplateService.java:145:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'sendRenderedMessages': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/EmailTemplateService.java:152:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'processEmailTemplates': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/EmailTemplateService.java:160:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'exportTemplateAsXml': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/EmailTemplateService.java:170:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'templateExistsWithDifferentId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/EmailTemplateService.java:180:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'sendMessage': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/EmailTemplateService.java:188:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'importTemplateFromXmlFile': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/EmailTemplateService.java:193:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'deleteAllTemplates': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/external/ExternalLogic.java:36:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isSuperUser': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/model/EmailTemplate.java:106:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/api/model/EmailTemplate.java:109:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'key'.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ContentExistsAware.java:32:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'hasContent': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/Entity.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SEPARATOR': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/Entity.java:39:	UnnecessarySemicolon:	Unnecessary semicolon
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/Entity.java:104:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/EntityAccessOverloadException.java:44:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/EntityCopyrightException.java:33:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/EntityCopyrightException.java:47:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/EntityNotDefinedException.java:55:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/EntityPermissionException.java:87:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/EntityProducer.java:72:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/EntityPropertyTypeException.java:39:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/EntityTransferrer.java:36:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PUBLISH_OPTION': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/EntityTransferrer.java:73:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/EntityTransferrer.java:83:	UnnecessaryReturn:	Unnecessary return statement
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/HardDeleteAware.java:31:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'hardDelete': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_CREATOR': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:48:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_MODIFIED_BY': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:51:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_CREATION_DATE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:54:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_DISPLAY_NAME': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:57:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_ORIGINAL_FILENAME': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:60:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_COPYRIGHT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:63:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_COPYRIGHT_CHOICE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:66:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_COPYRIGHT_ALERT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:69:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_CONTENT_LENGTH': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:72:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_CONTENT_TYPE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:75:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_CONTENT_SHA256': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:78:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_MODIFIED_DATE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:81:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_IS_COLLECTION': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:84:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_COLLECTION_BODY_QUOTA': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:87:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_CHAT_ROOM': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:90:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_TO': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:93:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_DESCRIPTION': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:96:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_CALENDAR_TYPE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:99:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_CALENDAR_LOCATION': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:101:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_CALENDAR_URL': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:104:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_DISCUSSION_CATEGORIES': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:107:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_REPLY_STYLE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:110:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_CHANNEL_ENABLED': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:113:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_SITE_EMAIL_NOTIFICATION_ID': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:116:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_SITE_EMAIL_ARCHIVE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:119:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_TOOL_TITLE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:122:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_TOOL_DESCRIPTION': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:125:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_TOOL_CATEGORY': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:128:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_CALENDAR_EVENT_FIELDS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:131:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'NEW_ASSIGNMENT_CHECK_AUTO_ANNOUNCE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:134:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'NEW_ASSIGNMENT_CHECK_ADD_DUE_DATE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:137:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_ASSIGNMENT_DUEDATE_CALENDAR_EVENT_ID': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:140:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_ASSIGNMENT_DUEDATE_ADDITIONAL_CALENDAR_EVENT_ID': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:143:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_ASSIGNMENT_OPENDATE_ANNOUNCEMENT_MESSAGE_ID': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:146:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_SUBMISSION_PREVIOUS_GRADES': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:149:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_SUBMISSION_SCALED_PREVIOUS_GRADES': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:152:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_SUBMISSION_PREVIOUS_FEEDBACK_TEXT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:155:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_SUBMISSION_PREVIOUS_FEEDBACK_COMMENT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:158:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_ASSIGNMENT_DELETED': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:161:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_PUBVIEW': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:164:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'TYPE_URL': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:167:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_CONTENT_ENCODING': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:170:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_STRUCTOBJ_TYPE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:173:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'FILE_TYPE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:176:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_CONTENT_PRIORITY': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:179:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PROP_HAS_CUSTOM_SORT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:182:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_RESOURCE_TYPE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:185:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_ADD_HTML': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:188:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_HIDDEN_WITH_ACCESSIBLE_CONTENT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:193:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_DO_NOT_DUPLICATE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:196:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_SECURED': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:199:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'NEW_ASSIGNMENT_CHECK_ADD_ESTIMATE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:200:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'NEW_ASSIGNMENT_CHECK_ADD_ESTIMATE_REQUIRED': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:201:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'NEW_ASSIGNMENT_INPUT_ADD_TIME_ESTIMATE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:202:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'ASSIGNMENT_INPUT_ADD_TIME_SPENT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:210:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PROP_ALLOW_INLINE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/ResourceProperties.java:564:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/Summary.java:34:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_PUBDATE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/Summary.java:34:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/Summary.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_TITLE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/Summary.java:37:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/Summary.java:40:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_DESCRIPTION': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/Summary.java:40:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/Summary.java:43:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PROP_LINK': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/Summary.java:43:	ConstantsInInterface:	Using constants in interfaces is a bad practice.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/api/serialize/EntityParseException.java:35:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/cover/EntityManager.java:35:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/cover/EntityManager.java:46:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/cover/EntityManager.java:46:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/cover/EntityManager.java:57:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/cover/EntityManager.java:60:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/cover/EntityManager.java:68:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/cover/EntityManager.java:68:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/cover/EntityManager.java:73:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/cover/EntityManager.java:76:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/cover/EntityManager.java:84:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/cover/EntityManager.java:92:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/cover/EntityManager.java:92:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/cover/EntityManager.java:100:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/cover/EntityManager.java:100:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/cover/EntityManager.java:105:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/cover/EntityManager.java:108:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/cover/EntityManager.java:108:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/ActivityService.java:49:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isUserActive': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/ActivityService.java:56:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getActiveUsers': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/EventQueryService.java:51:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUserActivity': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/EventQueryService.java:60:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUserActivityRestVersion': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/EventQueryService.java:68:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUserLogonActivity': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/EventQueryService.java:76:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUserActivityByType': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/EventTrackingService.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SERVICE_NAME': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/EventTrackingService.java:42:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'UNKNOWN_USER': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreProvider.java:51:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getID': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreProvider.java:62:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'handleStatement': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:49:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'static' on field 'XAPI_ACTIVITIES_PREFIX': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:62:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'registerStatement': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:67:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isEnabled': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:81:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'registerProvider': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:89:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getActor': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:97:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getActor': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:103:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getEventActor': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:105:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'onApplicationEvent': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:107:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getXAPIEvent': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:111:	ClassNamingConventions:	The class name 'LRS_Statement' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:111:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on class 'LRS_Statement': the class is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:374:	ClassNamingConventions:	The class name 'LRS_Actor' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:374:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on class 'LRS_Actor': the class is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:421:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'actor'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:486:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'getMbox_sha1sum' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:510:	ClassNamingConventions:	The class name 'LRS_Account' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:510:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on class 'LRS_Account': the class is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:547:	ClassNamingConventions:	The class name 'LRS_Verb' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:547:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on class 'LRS_Verb': the class is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:566:	ClassNamingConventions:	The enum name 'SAKAI_VERB' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:613:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:676:	ClassNamingConventions:	The class name 'LRS_Object' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:676:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on class 'LRS_Object': the class is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:723:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:809:	ClassNamingConventions:	The class name 'LRS_Result' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:809:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on class 'LRS_Result': the class is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:877:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:1093:	ClassNamingConventions:	The class name 'LRS_Context' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:1093:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on class 'LRS_Context': the class is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:1139:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/LearningResourceStoreService.java:1243:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on class 'EventWrapper': the class is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/NotificationLockedException.java:43:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/NotificationNotDefinedException.java:44:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/NotificationService.java:34:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SERVICE_NAME': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/NotificationService.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'REFERENCE_ROOT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/NotificationService.java:40:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_ADD_NOTIFICATION': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/NotificationService.java:43:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_UPDATE_NOTIFICATION': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/NotificationService.java:46:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_REMOVE_NOTIFICATION': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/NotificationService.java:49:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'NOTI_IGNORE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/NotificationService.java:52:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'NOTI_NONE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/NotificationService.java:55:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'NOTI_REQUIRED': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/NotificationService.java:58:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'NOTI_OPTIONAL': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/NotificationService.java:61:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PREF_NONE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/NotificationService.java:64:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PREF_IGNORE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/NotificationService.java:67:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PREF_DIGEST': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/NotificationService.java:70:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PREF_IMMEDIATE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/NotificationService.java:73:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PREFS_DEFAULT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/NotificationService.java:76:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PREFS_TYPE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/NotificationService.java:79:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PREFS_SITE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/NotificationService.java:82:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PREFS_NOTI': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/NotificationService.java:85:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'NOTI_OVERRIDE_EXTENSION': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/Obsoletable.java:26:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isObsolete': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/SimpleEvent.java:171:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/UsageSession.java:36:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'MAC_IE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/UsageSession.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'MAC_NN': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/UsageSession.java:46:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'MAC_CM': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/UsageSession.java:48:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'MAC_SF': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/UsageSession.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'MAC_MZ': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/UsageSession.java:52:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'WIN_IE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/UsageSession.java:57:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'WIN_NN': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/UsageSession.java:59:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'WIN_MZ': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/UsageSession.java:61:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'LIN_MZ': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/UsageSession.java:66:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'IOS_MZ': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/UsageSession.java:68:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'UNKNOWN': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/UsageSession.java:89:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setServer': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/UsageSessionService.java:40:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EVENT_LOGIN': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/UsageSessionService.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EVENT_LOGIN_WS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/UsageSessionService.java:42:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EVENT_LOGIN_DAV': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/UsageSessionService.java:43:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EVENT_LOGIN_CONTAINER': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/UsageSessionService.java:46:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'EVENT_LOGOUT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/UsageSessionService.java:49:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'SAKAI_CSRF_SESSION_ATTRIBUTE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/UsageSessionService.java:55:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'USAGE_SESSION_KEY': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/UsageSessionService.java:189:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'login': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/api/UsageSessionService.java:208:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'login': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/EventTrackingService.java:33:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/EventTrackingService.java:44:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/EventTrackingService.java:45:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/EventTrackingService.java:58:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/EventTrackingService.java:63:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/EventTrackingService.java:71:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/EventTrackingService.java:76:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/EventTrackingService.java:76:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/EventTrackingService.java:79:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/EventTrackingService.java:84:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/EventTrackingService.java:84:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/EventTrackingService.java:88:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/EventTrackingService.java:93:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/EventTrackingService.java:93:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/EventTrackingService.java:93:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/EventTrackingService.java:97:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/EventTrackingService.java:105:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/EventTrackingService.java:113:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/EventTrackingService.java:121:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/EventTrackingService.java:129:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/EventTrackingService.java:139:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/EventTrackingService.java:147:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:35:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:46:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:47:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:60:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:62:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:64:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:66:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:68:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:86:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:88:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:90:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:92:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:94:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:99:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:107:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:115:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:123:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:128:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:132:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:137:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:142:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:150:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:155:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:155:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:158:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:163:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:163:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:166:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:171:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:171:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:174:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:174:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:182:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:182:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:190:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/NotificationService.java:190:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:33:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:44:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:45:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:58:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:59:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:60:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:61:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:63:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:65:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:67:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:69:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:69:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:70:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:73:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:78:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:81:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:89:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:94:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:97:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:102:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:105:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:110:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:110:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:110:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:110:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:110:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Object' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:113:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:113:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:121:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:121:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:129:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:137:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:145:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:145:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:153:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:153:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:161:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:161:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:169:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:169:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:177:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:177:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/cover/UsageSessionService.java:185:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/exception/CopyrightException.java:43:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/exception/KernelConfigurationError.java:33:	DoNotExtendJavaLangError:	Exceptions should not extend java.lang.Error
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/exception/OverQuotaException.java:39:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/exception/SakaiException.java:36:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/hibernate/AssignableUUIDGenerator.java:54:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/hibernate/CrudRepository.java:27:	GenericsNaming:	Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/hibernate/HibernateCriterionUtils.java:20:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'java.util.Collections'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/hibernate/HibernateCriterionUtils.java:35:	MethodNamingConventions:	The static method name 'CriterionInRestrictionSplitter' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/hibernate/HibernateCriterionUtils.java:46:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/hibernate/HibernateCrudRepository.java:37:	GenericsNaming:	Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/hikaricp/jdbc/pool/SakaiBasicDataSource.java:80:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/hikaricp/jdbc/pool/SakaiBasicDataSource.java:84:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/hikaricp/jdbc/pool/SakaiBasicDataSource.java:88:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/hikaricp/jdbc/pool/SakaiBasicDataSource.java:92:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/hikaricp/jdbc/pool/SakaiBasicDataSource.java:96:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/hikaricp/jdbc/pool/SakaiBasicDataSource.java:103:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/id/cover/IdManager.java:33:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/id/cover/IdManager.java:47:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/id/cover/IdManager.java:48:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/id/cover/IdManager.java:57:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/id/cover/IdManager.java:60:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/javax/PagingPosition.java:83:	MissingOverride:	The method 'clone()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/javax/PagingPosition.java:83:	CloneMethodReturnTypeMustMatchClassName:	The return type of the clone() method must be the class name when implements Cloneable
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/javax/PagingPosition.java:91:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'ignore' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/javax/PagingPosition.java:156:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/javax/PagingPosition.java:157:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/javax/PagingPosition.java:168:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/javax/PagingPosition.java:169:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/javax/PagingPosition.java:170:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/javax/PagingPosition.java:171:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/javax/Search.java:158:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/javax/Search.java:512:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/javax/Search.java:528:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/javax/Search.java:621:	CloneMethodReturnTypeMustMatchClassName:	The return type of the clone() method must be the class name when implements Cloneable
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/javax/Search.java:621:	CloneMethodMustBePublic:	clone() method must be public if the class implements Cloneable
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/javax/Search.java:621:	CloneMethodMustImplementCloneable:	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/javax/Search.java:649:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/javax/Search.java:651:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/javax/Search.java:654:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'eq'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/javax/Search.java:667:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/api/Cache.java:279:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Class' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/api/CacheEventListener.java:94:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on enum 'EventType': the enum is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/api/CacheEventListener.java:94:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'static' on enum 'EventType': nested enums are implicitly static
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/api/CacheEventListener.java:120:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on class 'CacheEntryEvent': the class is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/api/CacheRefresher.java:61:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'refresh': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/api/CacheStatistics.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getCacheHits': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/api/CacheStatistics.java:42:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getCacheMisses': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/api/MemoryService.java:198:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Class' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/api/MemoryService.java:209:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAvailableMemory': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/api/MemoryService.java:237:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'newCache': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/api/MemoryService.java:243:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getStatus': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/api/MemoryService.java:277:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on class 'CacheException': the class is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/cover/MemoryServiceLocator.java:34:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/cover/MemoryServiceLocator.java:43:	SingletonClassReturningNewInstance:	getInstance method always creates a new object and hence does not comply to Singleton Design Pattern behaviour. Please review
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/cover/MemoryServiceLocator.java:48:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/cover/MemoryServiceLocator.java:49:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/mock/Cache.java:24:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.memory.api.*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/mock/Cache.java:68:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/mock/Cache.java:121:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/mock/Cache.java:139:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/mock/MemoryService.java:25:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.memory.api.*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/mock/MemoryService.java:36:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ConcurrentHashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/util/CacheInitializer.java:38:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/util/CacheInitializer.java:38:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/util/CacheInitializer.java:60:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/util/CacheInitializer.java:90:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/util/CacheInitializer.java:137:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/util/EhCacheFactoryBean.java:73:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'net.sf.ehcache.constructs.blocking.*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/util/EhCacheFactoryBean.java:381:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/util/EhCacheFactoryBean.java:385:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/util/EhCacheFactoryBean.java:467:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/util/EhCacheManagerFactoryBean.java:50:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/util/EhCacheManagerFactoryBean.java:54:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/api/MessageBundleService.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on field 'SORT_ORDER_ASCENDING': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/api/MessageBundleService.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on field 'SORT_ORDER_DESCENDING': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/api/MessageBundleService.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on field 'SORT_FIELD_MODULE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/api/MessageBundleService.java:49:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on field 'SORT_FIELD_PROPERTY': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/api/MessageBundleService.java:53:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on field 'SORT_FIELD_ID': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/api/MessageBundleService.java:57:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on field 'SORT_FIELD_LOCALE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/api/MessageBundleService.java:61:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on field 'SORT_FIELD_BASENAME': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/api/MessageBundleService.java:66:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isEnabled': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/api/MessageBundleService.java:76:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'search': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/api/MessageBundleService.java:83:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getMessageBundleProperty': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/api/MessageBundleService.java:89:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updateMessageBundleProperty': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/api/MessageBundleService.java:99:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getModifiedProperties': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/api/MessageBundleService.java:105:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getLocales': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/api/MessageBundleService.java:111:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getModifiedPropertiesCount': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/api/MessageBundleService.java:117:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAllPropertiesCount': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/api/MessageBundleService.java:126:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAllProperties': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/api/MessageBundleService.java:134:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'revertAll': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/api/MessageBundleService.java:141:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'importProperties': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/api/MessageBundleService.java:147:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAllModuleNames': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/api/MessageBundleService.java:153:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAllBaseNames': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/api/MessageBundleService.java:159:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'revert': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/api/MessageBundleService.java:169:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSearchCount': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/api/MessageBundleService.java:178:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'saveOrUpdate': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/api/MessageBundleService.java:193:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getBundle': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/api/AbstractUserNotificationHandler.java:26:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unnecessary import from the current package 'org.sakaiproject.messaging.api.SelfRegisteringUserNotificationHandler'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/api/AbstractUserNotificationHandler.java:27:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unnecessary import from the current package 'org.sakaiproject.messaging.api.UserMessagingService'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/api/MessageMedium.java:18:	UnnecessarySemicolon:	Unnecessary semicolon
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/api/MicrosoftMessageListener.java:20:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'read': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/api/MicrosoftMessagingService.java:20:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'listen': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/api/MicrosoftMessagingService.java:21:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'send': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/api/UserMessagingService.java:34:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PUSH_PUBKEY_PROPERTY': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/api/UserMessagingService.java:35:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PUSH_PRIVKEY_PROPERTY': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/api/UserMessagingService.java:64:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getNotifications': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/api/UserMessagingService.java:86:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'clearNotification': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/api/UserMessagingService.java:92:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'clearAllNotifications': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/api/UserMessagingService.java:98:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'markAllNotificationsViewed': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/api/UserMessagingService.java:108:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'subscribeToPush': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/api/UserNotificationHandler.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getHandledEvents': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/api/UserNotificationHandler.java:38:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'handleEvent': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/api/repository/PushSubscriptionRepository.java:19:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'java.util.Optional'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/serialization/BasicSerializableRepository.java:46:	GenericsNaming:	Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/serialization/SerializableRepository.java:25:	GenericsNaming:	Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/Group.java:29:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.entity.api.Entity'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/Group.java:30:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.exception.PermissionException'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/Group.java:40:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'GROUP_PROP_WSETUP_CREATED': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/Group.java:42:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'GROUP_PROP_JOINABLE_SET': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/Group.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'GROUP_PROP_JOINABLE_SET_MAX': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/Group.java:46:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'GROUP_PROP_JOINABLE_SET_PREVIEW': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/Group.java:48:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'GROUP_PROP_VIEW_MEMBERS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/Group.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'GROUP_PROP_JOINABLE_UNJOINABLE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/Group.java:52:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'GROUP_PROP_JOINABLE_SHOW_ALL': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/Group.java:54:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'GROUP_PROP_FILTERED_BY': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/Group.java:56:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'GROUP_PROP_JOINABLE_OPEN_DATE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/Group.java:58:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'GROUP_PROP_JOINABLE_CLOSE_DATE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/Group.java:71:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getContainingSite': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/Site.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PROP_SITE_CONTACT_EMAIL': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/Site.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PROP_SITE_CONTACT_NAME': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/Site.java:55:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PROP_SITE_TERM': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/Site.java:60:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PROP_SITE_TERM_EID': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/Site.java:65:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PROP_SITE_PORTAL_NEOCHAT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/Site.java:70:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PROP_SITE_LANGUAGE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/Site.java:75:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PROP_SITE_MATHJAX_ALLOWED': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/Site.java:80:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PROP_SITE_LOCALE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/Site.java:85:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PROP_CUSTOM_OVERVIEW': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/Site.java:90:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PROP_LTI_INBOUND_ROLE_MAP': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/Site.java:92:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PROP_COURSE_IMAGE_URL': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteAdvisor.java:38:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'update': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'LAYOUT_SINGLE_COL': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:42:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'LAYOUT_DOUBLE_COL': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PAGE_CATEGORY_PROP': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:47:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PAGE_CUSTOM_TITLE_PROP': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PAGE_HOME_TOOLS_CUSTOM_TITLE_PROP': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:53:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'IS_HOME_PAGE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:56:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'HOME_TOOL_ID': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:59:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTitle': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:62:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getLayout': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:65:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getLayoutTitle': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:68:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTools': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:74:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTools': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:88:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setTools': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:91:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSkin': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:94:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSiteId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:97:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isPopUp': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:106:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTool': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:113:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getContainingSite': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:121:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setTitle': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:129:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setTitleCustom': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:136:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTitleCustom': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:141:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isHomePage': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:148:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getHomeToolsTitleCustom': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:155:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setHomeToolsTitleCustom': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:160:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'localizePage': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:168:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setLayout': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:176:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setPopup': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:183:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addTool': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:193:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addTool': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:202:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addTool': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:210:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'removeTool': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:216:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'moveUp': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:222:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'moveDown': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:228:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setPosition': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:233:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPosition': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:235:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setupPageCategory': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SitePage.java:240:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isTitleToolException': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteRemovalAdvisor.java:33:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'removed': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'APPLICATION_ID': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:53:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SITE_SUBTYPE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:56:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'GROUP_SUBTYPE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:59:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'PAGE_SUBTYPE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:62:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'TOOL_SUBTYPE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:65:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'REFERENCE_ROOT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:68:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SITE_ROLE_SWAP': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:71:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SITE_VISIT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:74:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SITE_VISIT_UNPUBLISHED': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:79:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_ADD_SITE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:82:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_ADD_COURSE_SITE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:85:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_ADD_PROJECT_SITE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:88:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_IMPORT_ARCHIVE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:91:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_ADD_USER_SITE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:94:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_REMOVE_SITE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:97:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SOFT_DELETE_SITE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:100:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_REMOVE_SOFTLY_DELETED_SITE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:103:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SITE_VISIT_SOFTLY_DELETED': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:106:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_UPDATE_SITE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:109:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_UPDATE_SITE_MEMBERSHIP': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:112:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_UPDATE_GROUP_MEMBERSHIP': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:115:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_VIEW_ROSTER': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:118:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'MAIN_CONTAINER': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:121:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SITE_TEMPLATE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:124:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'USER_SITE_TEMPLATE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:127:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SITE_ERROR': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:130:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'URL_ERROR': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:133:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PROP_PARENT_ID': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:136:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PROP_SHOW_SUBSITES': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:139:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PROP_CACHE_USER_SITES': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:145:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'EVENT_USER_SITE_MEMBERSHIP_ADD': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:151:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'EVENT_USER_SITE_MEMBERSHIP_UPDATE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:157:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'EVENT_USER_SITE_MEMBERSHIP_REMOVE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:163:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'EVENT_USER_GROUP_MEMBERSHIP_ADD': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:169:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'EVENT_USER_GROUP_MEMBERSHIP_UPDATE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:175:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'EVENT_USER_GROUP_MEMBERSHIP_REMOVE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:181:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'EVENT_SITE_VISIT_DENIED': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:187:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'EVENT_SITE_USER_INVALIDATE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:192:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'EVENT_SITE_IMPORT_START': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:197:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'EVENT_SITE_IMPORT_END': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:202:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'EVENT_SITE_DUPLICATE_START': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:207:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'EVENT_SITE_DUPLICATE_END': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:212:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'EVENT_SITE_ROSTER_ADD': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:217:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'EVENT_SITE_ROSTER_REMOVE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:220:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'EVENT_SITE_PUBLISH': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:223:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'EVENT_SITE_UNPUBLISH': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:226:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'ADMIN_SITE_ID': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:233:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on class 'SelectionType': the class is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:266:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:332:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:332:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on class 'SortType': the class is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:344:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:890:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedHashSet'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:1329:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addSiteAdvisor': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:1337:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'removeSiteAdvisor': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:1344:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSiteAdvisors': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:1364:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSiteTypeStrings': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:1370:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addSiteRemovalAdvisor': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:1377:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'removeSiteRemovalAdvisor': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:1385:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSubSites': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:1393:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getParentSite': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:1407:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUserSpecificSiteTitle': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:1415:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUserSpecificSiteTitle': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:1424:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'silentlyUnpublish': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:1434:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'saveSitePropertyOnSites': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:1439:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'SITE_TITLE_MAX_LENGTH': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:1444:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on enum 'SiteTitleValidationStatus': the enum is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:1457:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'validateSiteTitle': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:1470:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isStealthedToolPresent': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:1476:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSiteLocale': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteService.java:1482:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSiteLocale': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/SiteTitleAdvisor.java:47:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUserSpecificSiteTitle': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/ToolConfiguration.java:38:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getLayoutHints': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/ToolConfiguration.java:46:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setLayoutHints': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/ToolConfiguration.java:51:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'parseLayoutHints': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/ToolConfiguration.java:56:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSkin': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/ToolConfiguration.java:61:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPageId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/ToolConfiguration.java:66:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSiteId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/ToolConfiguration.java:73:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getContainingPage': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/ToolConfiguration.java:78:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'moveUp': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/ToolConfiguration.java:83:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'moveDown': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/ToolConfiguration.java:90:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPageOrder': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/api/ToolConfiguration.java:92:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setPageOrder': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:37:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:48:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:49:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:61:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:63:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:65:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:67:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:69:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:71:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:73:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:75:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:77:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:79:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:81:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:83:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:85:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:87:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:89:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:91:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:93:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:95:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:97:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:99:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:101:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:103:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:105:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:107:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:109:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:111:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:113:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:115:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:117:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:119:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:121:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:123:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:125:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:127:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:129:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:132:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:132:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:137:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:141:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:146:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:149:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:149:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:154:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:158:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:163:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:166:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:166:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:171:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:174:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:174:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:179:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:182:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:182:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:191:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:200:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:209:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:214:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:214:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:214:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:218:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:223:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:226:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:226:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:233:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:233:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:240:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:240:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:247:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:247:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:252:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:252:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:257:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:262:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:267:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:272:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:272:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:277:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:282:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:285:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:285:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:293:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:301:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:306:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:306:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:309:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:314:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:314:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:314:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:317:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:322:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:322:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:322:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:325:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:330:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:330:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:330:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:333:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:338:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:341:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:341:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:346:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:346:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:349:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:354:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:354:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:357:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:362:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:365:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:365:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:370:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:370:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:373:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:378:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:378:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:381:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:386:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:386:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:389:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:394:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:397:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:402:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:405:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:410:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:413:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:413:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:418:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:422:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:427:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:430:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:430:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:435:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:435:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:438:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:443:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'List' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:446:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:446:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:454:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:454:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:462:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:462:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:470:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:470:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:475:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'List' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:475:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Object' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:476:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:480:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:480:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:485:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'List' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:485:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Object' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:486:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:490:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:490:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:495:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Object' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:496:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:499:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:504:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:507:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:512:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:515:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:520:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:524:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:529:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:529:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:529:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:532:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:537:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:540:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:545:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:548:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:548:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:553:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:556:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:556:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:561:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'List' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:561:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:564:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:564:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:584:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:598:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/cover/SiteService.java:623:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/springframework/data/Repository.java:23:	GenericsNaming:	Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/springframework/data/SpringCrudRepository.java:29:	GenericsNaming:	Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/springframework/data/SpringCrudRepositoryImpl.java:39:	GenericsNaming:	Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/springframework/orm/hibernate/EnumUserType.java:122:	SuspiciousEqualsMethodName:	The method name and parameter number are suspiciously close to equals(Object)
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/springframework/orm/hibernate/EnumUserType.java:126:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/springframework/orm/hibernate/EnumUserType.java:128:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/springframework/orm/hibernate/impl/AdditionalHibernateMappingsImpl.java:55:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/springframework/orm/hibernate/impl/AdditionalHibernateMappingsImpl.java:62:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/springframework/orm/hibernate/impl/AdditionalHibernateMappingsImpl.java:69:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/springframework/orm/hibernate/impl/AdditionalHibernateMappingsImpl.java:76:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/springframework/orm/hibernate/impl/AdditionalHibernateMappingsImpl.java:87:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/springframework/orm/hibernate/impl/AdditionalHibernateMappingsImpl.java:94:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/springframework/orm/hibernate/impl/AdditionalHibernateMappingsImpl.java:102:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/springframework/orm/hibernate/impl/AdditionalHibernateMappingsImpl.java:109:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/springframework/orm/hibernate/impl/AdditionalHibernateMappingsImpl.java:120:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/springframework/orm/hibernate/impl/AdditionalHibernateMappingsImpl.java:126:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/springframework/orm/hibernate/impl/AdditionalHibernateMappingsImpl.java:134:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/springframework/orm/hibernate/impl/AdditionalHibernateMappingsImpl.java:145:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/springframework/orm/hibernate/impl/AdditionalHibernateMappingsImpl.java:156:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/springframework/orm/hibernate/impl/AdditionalHibernateMappingsImpl.java:166:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/springframework/orm/hibernate/impl/AdditionalHibernateMappingsImpl.java:175:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/springframework/orm/hibernate/impl/AdditionalHibernateMappingsImpl.java:184:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tasks/api/UserTask.java:24:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'javax.persistence.*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tasks/api/repository/UserTaskRepository.java:37:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'findByUserIdAndTask_StartsLessThanEqual' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tasks/api/repository/UserTaskRepository.java:38:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'findByTask_SiteId' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/thread_local/cover/ThreadLocalManager.java:33:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/thread_local/cover/ThreadLocalManager.java:44:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/thread_local/cover/ThreadLocalManager.java:45:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/thread_local/cover/ThreadLocalManager.java:58:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/thread_local/cover/ThreadLocalManager.java:58:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Object' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/thread_local/cover/ThreadLocalManager.java:61:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/thread_local/cover/ThreadLocalManager.java:69:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/thread_local/cover/ThreadLocalManager.java:74:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Object' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/thread_local/cover/ThreadLocalManager.java:74:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/thread_local/cover/ThreadLocalManager.java:77:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/api/Time.java:187:	CloneMethodReturnTypeMustMatchClassName:	The return type of the clone() method must be the class name when implements Cloneable
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/api/TimeRange.java:143:	CloneMethodReturnTypeMustMatchClassName:	The return type of the clone() method must be the class name when implements Cloneable
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/api/TimeService.java:36:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'APPLICATION_ID': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/api/TimeService.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'TIMEZONE_KEY': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/api/UserTimeService.java:62:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'timeFormat': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/api/UserTimeService.java:71:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'dateFormat': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/api/UserTimeService.java:80:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'dayOfWeekFormat': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/api/UserTimeService.java:91:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'dateTimeFormat': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/api/UserTimeService.java:103:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'dateTimeFormat': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/api/UserTimeService.java:114:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'shortLocalizedTimestamp': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/api/UserTimeService.java:125:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'shortPreciseLocalizedTimestamp': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/api/UserTimeService.java:136:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'shortLocalizedTimestamp': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/api/UserTimeService.java:145:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'shortPreciseLocalizedTimestamp': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/api/UserTimeService.java:154:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'shortLocalizedDate': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/api/UserTimeService.java:163:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'parseISODateInUserTimezone': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/api/UserTimeService.java:171:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'dateFromUtcToUserTimeZone': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/api/UserTimeService.java:179:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'dateFromUserTimeZoneToUtc': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:33:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:35:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:37:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:48:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:49:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:61:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:64:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:73:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:81:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:89:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:98:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:107:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:116:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:124:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:132:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:141:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:146:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:149:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:157:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:165:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:173:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:181:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:181:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:190:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:198:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:206:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/cover/TimeService.java:206:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/timesheet/api/TimeSheetService.java:24:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isValidTimeSheetTime': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/timesheet/api/TimeSheetService.java:26:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTimeSheetEntryReference': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/timesheet/api/TimeSheetService.java:28:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getByReference': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/timesheet/api/TimeSheetService.java:30:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAllByUserIdAndReference': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/timesheet/api/TimeSheetService.java:32:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'create': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/timesheet/api/TimeSheetService.java:34:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'delete': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/timesheet/api/TimeSheetService.java:36:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTotalTimeSheet': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/timesheet/api/TimeSheetService.java:38:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'timeToInt': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/timesheet/api/TimeSheetService.java:40:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'intToTime': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/ActiveTool.java:35:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'TOOL_ATTR_CURRENT_DESTINATION': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/BreakdownRebuildCallback.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'makeStash': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/Breakdownable.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'defineHandledClass': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/Breakdownable.java:54:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'makeBreakdown': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/Breakdownable.java:67:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'doRebuild': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/Breakdownable.java:76:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'defineClassLoader': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/Breakdownable.java:81:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on enum 'BreakdownableSize': the enum is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/NonPortableSession.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAttribute': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/NonPortableSession.java:54:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'removeAttribute': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/NonPortableSession.java:73:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setAttribute': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/NonPortableSession.java:80:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAllAttributes': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/NonPortableSession.java:85:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'clear': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/RebuildBreakdownService.java:48:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'storeSession': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/RebuildBreakdownService.java:58:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'rebuildSession': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/RebuildBreakdownService.java:63:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isSessionHandlingEnabled': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/RebuildBreakdownService.java:70:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'purgeSessionFromStorageById': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/RebuildBreakdownService.java:83:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'retrieveCallbackSessionData': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/RebuildBreakdownService.java:96:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'registerBreakdownHandler': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/RebuildBreakdownService.java:104:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'unregisterBreakdownHandler': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/RebuildBreakdownService.java:117:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'breakdownObject': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/RebuildBreakdownService.java:129:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'rebuildObject': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/Session.java:35:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'JUST_LOGGED_IN': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/SessionAttributeListener.java:20:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'attributeAdded': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/SessionAttributeListener.java:21:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'attributeRemoved': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/SessionManager.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'CURRENT_INVALID_SESSION': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/SessionStore.java:38:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'remove': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/SessionStore.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isCurrentToolClusterable': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/Tool.java:35:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'FRAGMENT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/Tool.java:38:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PORTLET': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/Tool.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'TOOL': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/Tool.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'TOOL_SESSION': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/Tool.java:47:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'NATIVE_URL': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/Tool.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PLACEMENT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/Tool.java:53:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PLACEMENT_ID': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/Tool.java:56:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'HELPER_DONE_URL': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/Tool.java:59:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'HELPER_MESSAGE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/Tool.java:126:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/Tool.java:126:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on class 'AccessSecurity': the class is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/Tool.java:130:	UnusedPrivateField:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'm_type'.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/ToolManager.java:42:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'TOOLCONFIG_REQUIRED_PERMISSIONS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/ToolManager.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'PORTAL_VISIBLE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/ToolManager.java:141:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRequiredPermissions': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/ToolManager.java:151:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isFirstToolVisibleToAnyNonMaintainerRole': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/ToolManager.java:194:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isHidden': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/ToolManager.java:203:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isToolHidden': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/ToolManager.java:219:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'allowTool': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/ToolManager.java:226:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isStealthed': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/api/ToolURL.java:85:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:40:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:54:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:55:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:69:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:74:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'org.w3c.dom': 'Document' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:77:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:82:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.io': 'InputStream' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:85:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:90:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.io': 'File' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:93:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:98:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:101:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:109:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:109:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:117:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:122:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'org.w3c.dom': 'Document' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:125:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:130:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.io': 'InputStream' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:133:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:138:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.io': 'File' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:141:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:149:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:149:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:157:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:157:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:165:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:165:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:170:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:173:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:178:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:178:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:178:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ActiveToolManager.java:181:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/SessionManager.java:35:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/SessionManager.java:52:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/SessionManager.java:69:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/SessionManager.java:77:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/SessionManager.java:82:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/SessionManager.java:85:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/SessionManager.java:90:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/SessionManager.java:93:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/SessionManager.java:101:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/SessionManager.java:101:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/SessionManager.java:109:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/SessionManager.java:114:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/SessionManager.java:117:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/SessionManager.java:125:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/SessionManager.java:133:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/SessionManager.java:141:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/SessionManager.java:149:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ToolManager.java:33:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ToolManager.java:47:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ToolManager.java:48:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ToolManager.java:61:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ToolManager.java:69:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ToolManager.java:77:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ToolManager.java:85:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ToolManager.java:90:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ToolManager.java:93:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ToolManager.java:106:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ToolManager.java:106:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ToolManager.java:114:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ToolManager.java:122:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ToolManager.java:147:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ToolManager.java:155:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/cover/ToolManager.java:155:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/AuthenticationIdUDP.java:32:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUserbyAid': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/CandidateDetailProvider.java:19:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unnecessary import from the current package 'org.sakaiproject.user.api.User'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/CandidateDetailProvider.java:82:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInstitutionalNumericId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/CandidateDetailProvider.java:93:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInstitutionalNumericIdIgnoringCandidatePermissions': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/DisplaySortAdvisorUPD.java:40:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSortName': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/ExternalUserSearchUDP.java:48:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'searchExternalUsers': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/PasswordPolicyProvider.java:35:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'SAK_PROP_PROVIDER_NAME': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/PasswordPolicyProvider.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'validatePassword': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/Preferences.java:40:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on field 'FIELD_LOCALE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/PreferencesService.java:40:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'APPLICATION_ID': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/PreferencesService.java:43:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'REFERENCE_ROOT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/PreferencesService.java:46:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_ADD_PREFS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/PreferencesService.java:49:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_EDIT_PREFS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/PreferencesService.java:52:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_REMOVE_PREFS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/PreferencesService.java:55:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SITENAV_PREFS_KEY': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/PreferencesService.java:58:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'EDITOR_PREFS_KEY': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/PreferencesService.java:61:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'EDITOR_PREFS_TYPE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/PreferencesService.java:64:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'SITENAV_PREFS_EXCLUDE_KEY': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/PreferencesService.java:67:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'USER_SELECTED_UI_THEME_PREFS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/PreferencesService.java:70:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'TUTORIAL_PREFS': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/PreferencesService.java:148:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getLocale': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/User.java:27:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.time.api.Time'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserAlreadyDefinedException.java:38:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'APPLICATION_ID': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:42:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'REFERENCE_ROOT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_ADD_USER': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:48:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_REMOVE_USER': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:51:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_UPDATE_USER_ANY': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:54:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_VIEW_USER_ANY': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:57:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_UPDATE_USER_OWN': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:60:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_UPDATE_USER_OWN_NAME': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:63:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_UPDATE_USER_OWN_EMAIL': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:66:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_UPDATE_USER_OWN_PASSWORD': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:69:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'SECURE_UPDATE_USER_OWN_TYPE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:72:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'ADMIN_ID': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:75:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'ADMIN_EID': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:78:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'EIDCACHE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:79:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'IDCACHE': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:100:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'validatePassword': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:109:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPasswordPolicy': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:190:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'allowUpdateUserName': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:199:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updateUserId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:208:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'updateUserEid': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:217:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'allowUpdateUserEmail': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:226:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'allowUpdateUserPassword': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:235:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'allowUpdateUserType': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:341:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'checkDuplicatedEmail': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:519:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on enum 'PasswordRating': the enum is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserDirectoryService.java:519:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'static' on enum 'PasswordRating': nested enums are implicitly static
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserIdInvalidException.java:38:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserIdInvalidException.java:43:	MissingOverride:	The method 'getMessage()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserLockedException.java:43:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserNotDefinedException.java:44:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserNotificationPreferencesRegistration.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSectionTitle': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserNotificationPreferencesRegistration.java:43:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSectionDescription': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserNotificationPreferencesRegistration.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDefaultValue': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserNotificationPreferencesRegistration.java:56:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getType': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserNotificationPreferencesRegistration.java:62:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getPrefix': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserNotificationPreferencesRegistration.java:68:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getToolId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserNotificationPreferencesRegistration.java:74:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getOptions': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserNotificationPreferencesRegistration.java:80:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isOverrideBySite': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserNotificationPreferencesRegistration.java:86:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isExpandByDefault': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserNotificationPreferencesRegistration.java:93:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getResourceLoader': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserNotificationPreferencesRegistrationService.java:38:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'register': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserNotificationPreferencesRegistrationService.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRegisteredItems': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserNotificationPreferencesRegistrationService.java:50:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getKeys': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/api/UserPermissionException.java:87:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/AuthenticationManager.java:33:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/AuthenticationManager.java:47:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/AuthenticationManager.java:48:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/AuthenticationManager.java:63:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/PreferencesService.java:35:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/PreferencesService.java:46:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/PreferencesService.java:47:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/PreferencesService.java:60:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/PreferencesService.java:62:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/PreferencesService.java:64:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/PreferencesService.java:66:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/PreferencesService.java:68:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/PreferencesService.java:73:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/PreferencesService.java:78:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/PreferencesService.java:81:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/PreferencesService.java:86:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/PreferencesService.java:89:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/PreferencesService.java:89:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/PreferencesService.java:94:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/PreferencesService.java:98:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/PreferencesService.java:106:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/PreferencesService.java:114:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/PreferencesService.java:119:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/PreferencesService.java:124:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/PreferencesService.java:131:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:34:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:45:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:46:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:59:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:61:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:63:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:65:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:67:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:69:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:71:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:73:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:75:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:79:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:84:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:88:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:93:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:96:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:104:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:104:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:112:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:112:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:120:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:120:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:128:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:128:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:136:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:141:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:144:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:144:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:149:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:152:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:152:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:157:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:157:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:160:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:160:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:165:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:165:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:168:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:168:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:173:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:178:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:187:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:195:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:203:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:211:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:216:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:219:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:219:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:224:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:227:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:235:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:235:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:243:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:243:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:249:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:249:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:254:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:259:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:259:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:259:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:260:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:260:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:260:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:260:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:265:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:275:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:280:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:283:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:283:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:292:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:297:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:297:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:300:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:311:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:316:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:316:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:319:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:324:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:324:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:327:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:332:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:332:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/cover/UserDirectoryService.java:335:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ArrayUtil.java:29:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ArrayUtil.java:42:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ArrayUtil.java:43:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ArrayUtil.java:46:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ArrayUtil.java:48:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:71:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Hashtable'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:109:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:113:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:150:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:192:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:206:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:212:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:232:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:263:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:288:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:288:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:304:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:317:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:317:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:317:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:317:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:318:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:318:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:318:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:319:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:340:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:349:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:349:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:355:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:355:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:396:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:421:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:441:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:448:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'any' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:468:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:475:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'any' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:483:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:491:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'any' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:524:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:532:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'any' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:903:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:920:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:942:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:1072:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseResourceProperties.java:1105:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BasicAuth.java:110:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BasicAuth.java:111:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BasicAuth.java:115:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BasicAuth.java:119:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BasicAuth.java:130:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BasicAuth.java:152:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BasicAuth.java:178:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'ret'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BasicAuth.java:178:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BasicAuth.java:238:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BasicAuth.java:250:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BasicAuth.java:256:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentMap.java:38:	MissingOverride:	The method 'size()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentMap.java:47:	MissingOverride:	The method 'isEmpty()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentMap.java:55:	MissingOverride:	The method 'containsKey(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentMap.java:63:	MissingOverride:	The method 'containsValue(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentMap.java:71:	MissingOverride:	The method 'get(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentMap.java:79:	MissingOverride:	The method 'put(Object, Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentMap.java:87:	MissingOverride:	The method 'remove(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentMap.java:95:	MissingOverride:	The method 'putAll(Map)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentMap.java:96:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentMap.java:102:	MissingOverride:	The method 'clear()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentMap.java:103:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentMap.java:109:	MissingOverride:	The method 'keySet()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentMap.java:111:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentMap.java:117:	MissingOverride:	The method 'values()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentMap.java:119:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentMap.java:125:	MissingOverride:	The method 'entrySet()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentMap.java:127:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DbSingleStorage.java:105:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	Final parameter in abstract method
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DbSingleStorage.java:178:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAllResourcesWhere': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:31:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDeleteSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:33:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDelete2Sql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:35:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDeleteLocksSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInsertSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInsertSql2': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInsertSql3': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:43:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRecordId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getCountSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:47:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSelect1Sql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:49:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSelect9Sql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:51:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSelectIdSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:53:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSelectXml1Sql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:55:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSelectXml2Sql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:57:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSelectXml3Sql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:59:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSelectXml4Sql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:61:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSelectXml5Sql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:63:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSelectXml5filterSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:65:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSelectXml6Sql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:67:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUpdateSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:69:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUpdate2Sql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:71:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addLimitToQuery': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:73:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'addTopToQuery': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:75:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSearchWhereClause': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:77:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getOrderClause': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSql.java:79:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getCountSqlWhere': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EditorConfiguration.java:35:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:78:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:82:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:90:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:153:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:186:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:226:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:226:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:226:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:241:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:248:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:254:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:262:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:275:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:278:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:281:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:288:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:313:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:462:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:572:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:619:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:621:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:634:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:636:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:646:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:648:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:666:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:668:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:678:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:684:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:714:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:717:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:735:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:737:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'value'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:796:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:796:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:798:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:804:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmailNotification.java:805:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmptyIterator.java:36:	MissingOverride:	The method 'next()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmptyIterator.java:41:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hasNext()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EmptyIterator.java:46:	MissingOverride:	The method 'remove()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityCollections.java:34:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityCollections.java:47:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityCollections.java:50:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityCollections.java:74:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityCollections.java:77:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityCollections.java:95:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityCollections.java:98:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityCollections.java:106:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityCollections.java:128:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityCollections.java:131:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityCollections.java:149:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityCollections.java:152:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityCollections.java:169:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityCollections.java:183:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityCollections.java:193:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EnumerationIterator.java:44:	MissingOverride:	The method 'next()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EnumerationIterator.java:49:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hasNext()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EnumerationIterator.java:54:	MissingOverride:	The method 'remove()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ExternalTrustedEvidence.java:53:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/FlatStorageSql.java:29:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDeleteLockSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/FlatStorageSql.java:31:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDeleteSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/FlatStorageSql.java:33:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getIdField': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/FlatStorageSql.java:35:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInsertSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/FlatStorageSql.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInsertLockSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/FlatStorageSql.java:39:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getOrder': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/FlatStorageSql.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRecordId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/FlatStorageSql.java:43:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSelectCountSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/FlatStorageSql.java:45:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSelectCount2Sql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/FlatStorageSql.java:47:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSelectFieldSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/FlatStorageSql.java:49:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSelectFieldsSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/FlatStorageSql.java:51:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSelectFieldsSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/FlatStorageSql.java:53:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSelectFieldsSql1': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/FlatStorageSql.java:55:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSelectFieldsSql2': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/FlatStorageSql.java:57:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSelectFieldsSql3': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/FlatStorageSql.java:60:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSelectFieldsSql4': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/FlatStorageSql.java:63:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSelectFieldsFields': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/FlatStorageSql.java:65:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSelectNameValueSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/FlatStorageSql.java:67:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUpdateSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/FormattedText.java:43:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IPAddrUtil.java:37:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IPAddrUtil.java:50:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IPAddrUtil.java:55:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IPAddrUtil.java:65:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IPAddrUtil.java:70:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IdPwEvidence.java:82:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IdPwEvidence.java:84:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IteratorEnumeration.java:44:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hasMoreElements()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IteratorEnumeration.java:49:	MissingOverride:	The method 'nextElement()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MapResourceBundle.java:98:	MissingOverride:	The method 'handleKeySet()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MapUtil.java:28:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unnecessary import from the current package 'org.sakaiproject.util.Web'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MapUtil.java:35:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MapUtil.java:48:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MapUtil.java:50:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MapUtil.java:79:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MapUtil.java:81:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MapUtil.java:103:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MapUtil.java:106:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MultiSingleStorageSql.java:32:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDeleteSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MultiSingleStorageSql.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDeleteLocksSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MultiSingleStorageSql.java:42:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInsertLocks': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MultiSingleStorageSql.java:47:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getResourceIdSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MultiSingleStorageSql.java:52:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getXmlSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MultiSingleStorageSql.java:57:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getXmlSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MultiSingleStorageSql.java:62:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getXmlLikeSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MultiSingleStorageSql.java:67:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getXmlWhereSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MultiSingleStorageSql.java:72:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getXmlAndFieldSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MultiSingleStorageSql.java:77:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getXmlSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MultiSingleStorageSql.java:82:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getXmlFields': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MultiSingleStorageSql.java:87:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getNumRowsSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MultiSingleStorageSql.java:92:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getNumRowsSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MultiSingleStorageSql.java:99:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setStorageFields': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MultiSingleStorageSql.java:111:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getXmlWhereLimitSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/PasswordCheck.java:42:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/PasswordCheck.java:59:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/PasswordCheck.java:76:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/PasswordCheck.java:82:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/PasswordCheck.java:88:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/PasswordCheck.java:94:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/PasswordCheck.java:238:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/PasswordCheck.java:252:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/PasswordCheck.java:282:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'LOWER_ALPHA_ARRAY' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/PasswordCheck.java:287:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'UPPER_ALPHA_ARRAY' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/PasswordCheck.java:293:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'NUMBER_ARRAY' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/PathHashUtil.java:35:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/PathHashUtil.java:73:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Placement.java:76:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Placement.java:112:	MissingOverride:	The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Placement.java:114:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Placement.java:202:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Placement.java:211:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hashCode()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Placement.java:259:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:32:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'javax.servlet.*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:33:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'javax.servlet.http.*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:298:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:298:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:350:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:413:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:415:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:423:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:456:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:505:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:546:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'RuntimeException' branch
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:553:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:597:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:654:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:734:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:862:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:876:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:925:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:926:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:933:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:937:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:950:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:961:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:961:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:962:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:989:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:1007:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'old_vals' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:1035:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:1035:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:1041:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:1058:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:1058:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:1064:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:1119:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:1243:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:1305:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:1417:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:1425:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:1473:	UnnecessaryReturn:	Unnecessary return statement
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:1505:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'ret'.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:1513:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:1574:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	Switch statements should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:1632:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 's'.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:1703:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:1715:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilter.java:1737:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResponseHeaderFilter.java:118:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResponseHeaderFilter.java:123:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResponseHeaderFilter.java:132:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResponseHeaderFilter.java:134:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResponseHeaderFilter.java:140:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:65:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:122:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:123:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:130:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:136:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:142:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:150:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:151:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:158:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:215:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:217:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:230:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'ServerCookie': 'tspecials2NoSlash' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:278:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:279:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:301:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:345:	AssignmentInOperand:	Avoid assignments in operands
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:345:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:348:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:350:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:378:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:393:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} && {thenBranch};`
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:402:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:402:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:444:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ServerCookie.java:448:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SingleStorageSql.java:32:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDeleteSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SingleStorageSql.java:37:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDeleteLocksSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SingleStorageSql.java:42:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getInsertLocks': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SingleStorageSql.java:47:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getResourceIdSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SingleStorageSql.java:52:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getXmlSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SingleStorageSql.java:57:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getXmlSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SingleStorageSql.java:62:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getXmlLikeSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SingleStorageSql.java:67:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getXmlWhereSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SingleStorageSql.java:72:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getXmlAndFieldSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SingleStorageSql.java:77:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getXmlSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SingleStorageSql.java:82:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getXmlFields': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SingleStorageSql.java:87:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getNumRowsSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SingleStorageSql.java:92:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getNumRowsSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SingleStorageSql.java:104:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getXmlWhereLimitSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SiteEmailNotification.java:157:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SiteEmailNotification.java:212:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SiteEmailNotification.java:247:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SiteEmailNotification.java:249:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SiteEmailNotification.java:253:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SiteEmailNotification.java:255:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SiteEmailNotification.java:292:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SortedIterator.java:53:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SortedIterator.java:71:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hasNext()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SortedIterator.java:81:	MissingOverride:	The method 'next()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SortedIterator.java:89:	MissingOverride:	The method 'remove()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StackIterator.java:35:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StackIterator.java:48:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hasNext()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StackIterator.java:56:	MissingOverride:	The method 'next()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StackIterator.java:64:	MissingOverride:	The method 'remove()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:35:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:46:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:67:	OptimizableToArrayCall:	This call to Collection.toArray() may be optimizable
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:80:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:85:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:86:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:106:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:107:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:108:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:113:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:134:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:153:	OptimizableToArrayCall:	This call to Collection.toArray() may be optimizable
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:211:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:213:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:226:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:228:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:229:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:242:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:256:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:258:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:272:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:274:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:275:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:277:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:292:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:295:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:298:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:315:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:318:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:323:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:326:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:341:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:344:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:347:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:352:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:371:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:374:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:377:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:382:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:421:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:422:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:423:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:426:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:427:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:443:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:444:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:447:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:463:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:464:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:465:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:468:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:469:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:485:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:486:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:489:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:507:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:508:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:513:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StringUtil.java:517:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ToolListener.java:108:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ToolListener.java:113:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ToolListener.java:122:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ToolListener.java:124:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ToolListener.java:140:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ToolListener.java:149:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ToolListener.java:151:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ToolListener.java:155:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ToolListener.java:169:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ToolListener.java:186:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ToolListener.java:188:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ToolListener.java:197:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/TrustedLoginFilter.java:155:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/TrustedLoginFilter.java:202:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:45:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:157:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:163:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Character' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:172:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Character' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:182:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:209:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:217:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:241:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:262:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:278:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:344:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:364:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:381:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:401:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:418:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:442:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:443:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:448:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:467:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:468:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:473:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:493:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:494:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:499:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:518:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:519:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:524:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:550:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:591:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:633:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:635:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:638:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:640:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:640:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:643:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:646:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:646:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:647:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:647:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:650:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:650:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:653:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:653:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:654:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:654:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:658:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:664:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:666:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:720:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:721:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:730:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:776:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:778:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:816:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'toHex': private methods cannot be overridden
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:836:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'hexDigit': private methods cannot be overridden
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:839:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	Switch statements should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Validator.java:928:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:37:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.component.cover.ComponentManager'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:38:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.tool.api.SessionManager'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:48:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:135:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:136:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:136:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:158:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'Web': 'unEscapeHtml' is already in scope
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:176:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:182:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Character' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:191:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Character' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:201:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:222:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	Switch statements should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:281:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:319:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:472:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:535:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:535:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.net': 'URLEncoder' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:537:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:539:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:539:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.net': 'URLEncoder' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:541:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.io': 'UnsupportedEncodingException' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:543:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:577:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'internalEscapeHtml(String, boolean)'.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:581:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:593:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:600:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:607:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:614:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:622:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:627:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:635:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:641:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:683:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:685:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Web.java:702:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:68:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:82:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'doc'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:88:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:119:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:124:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:130:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this InputStreamReader object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:139:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:145:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this InputStreamReader object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:151:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:171:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'doc'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:176:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:190:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this StringReader object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:218:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:249:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'doc'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:254:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:290:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:296:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:337:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:368:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:384:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:396:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:400:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:422:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:426:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:452:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:466:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'Xml': 'encodeAttribute' is already in scope
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:489:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Xml.java:493:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/EncryptionUtilityService.java:26:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'encrypt': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/EncryptionUtilityService.java:34:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'decrypt': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on enum 'Level': the enum is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:66:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	Final parameter in abstract method
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:66:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'processFormattedText': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:80:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	Final parameter in abstract method
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:80:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'processFormattedText': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:97:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	Final parameter in abstract method
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:97:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'processFormattedText': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:110:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	Final parameter in abstract method
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:110:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'processFormattedText': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:118:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	Final parameter in abstract method
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:118:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'processHtmlDocument': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:136:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	Final parameter in abstract method
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:136:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'processFormattedText': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:157:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	Final parameter in abstract method
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:157:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'processFormattedText': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:168:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'escapeHtmlFormattedText': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:178:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'escapeHtmlFormattedTextSupressNewlines': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:188:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'escapeHtmlFormattedTextarea': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:198:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'convertPlaintextToFormattedText': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:210:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'escapeHtml': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:222:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'escapeHtml': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:227:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'encodeFormattedTextAttribute': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:236:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'encodeUnicode': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:245:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'encodeUrlsAsHtml': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:254:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'unEscapeHtml': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:263:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'processAnchor': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:272:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	Final parameter in abstract method
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:272:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'processEscapedHtml': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:283:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'decodeFormattedTextAttribute': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:294:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'convertFormattedTextToPlaintext': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:303:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'convertOldFormattedText': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:316:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	Final parameter in abstract method
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:316:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'trimFormattedText': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:321:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'decodeNumericCharacterReferences': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:334:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'escapeJavascript': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:346:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'escapeJsQuoted': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:359:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'escapeUrl': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:370:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'validateURL': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:391:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'sanitizeHrefURL': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:404:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'stripHtmlFromText': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:418:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'stripHtmlFromText': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:429:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'makeShortenedText': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:436:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDecimalSeparator': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:446:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getNumberFormat': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:453:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getNumberFormat': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/FormattedText.java:460:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getHtmlBody': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/LinkMigrationHelper.java:47:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'bracketAndNullifySelectedLinks': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/LinkMigrationHelper.java:58:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'migrateAllLinks': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/LinkMigrationHelper.java:68:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'migrateOneLink': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/api/PasswordFactory.java:29:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'generatePassword': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/AliasCreatedTimeComparator.java:23:	MissingOverride:	The method 'compare(Alias, Alias)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/AliasIdComparator.java:23:	MissingOverride:	The method 'compare(Alias, Alias)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/AuthzGroupIdComparator.java:23:	MissingOverride:	The method 'compare(AuthzGroup, AuthzGroup)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/GroupTitleComparator.java:25:	MissingOverride:	The method 'compare(Group, Group)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/ResourceTypeLabelComparator.java:23:	MissingOverride:	The method 'compare(ResourceType, ResourceType)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/RoleIdComparator.java:23:	MissingOverride:	The method 'compare(Role, Role)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/ToolTitleComparator.java:23:	MissingOverride:	The method 'compare(Tool, Tool)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/UserNameComparator.java:49:	MissingOverride:	The method 'compare(String, String)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/UserNameComparator.java:51:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/UserNameComparator.java:51:	UseEqualsToCompareStrings:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/UserNameComparator.java:51:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/UserNameComparator.java:52:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/UserNameComparator.java:52:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/UserNameComparator.java:53:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/UserNameComparator.java:53:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/UserSortNameComparator.java:19:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'java.text.ParseException'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/UserSortNameComparator.java:20:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'java.text.RuleBasedCollator'
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/UserSortNameComparator.java:55:	MissingOverride:	The method 'compare(User, User)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/UserSortNameComparator.java:56:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/UserSortNameComparator.java:57:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/UserSortNameComparator.java:57:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/UserSortNameComparator.java:58:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/UserSortNameComparator.java:58:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/cover/LinkMigrationHelper.java:22:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/cover/LinkMigrationHelper.java:27:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/api/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/webapp/api/WebappResourceManager.java:38:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/exception/PermissionExceptionTest.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/exception/PermissionExceptionTest.java:20:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.junit.Before'
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/hibernate/HibernateCriterionUtilsTest.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/hibernate/HibernateCriterionUtilsTest.java:25:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityCollectionsTest.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertFalse'
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityCollectionsTest.java:19:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertTrue'
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityCollectionsTest.java:20:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.mock'
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityCollectionsTest.java:21:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.when'
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityCollectionsTest.java:22:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.sakaiproject.util.EntityCollections.*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityCollectionsTest.java:180:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityCollectionsTest.java:189:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IPAddrUtilTest.java:25:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.junit.Ignore'
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IPAddrUtilTest.java:27:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unnecessary import from the current package 'org.sakaiproject.util.IPAddrUtil'
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IPAddrUtilTest.java:45:	AvoidUsingHardCodedIP:	Do not hard code the IP address ${variableName}
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IPAddrUtilTest.java:46:	AvoidUsingHardCodedIP:	Do not hard code the IP address ${variableName}
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IPAddrUtilTest.java:49:	AvoidUsingHardCodedIP:	Do not hard code the IP address ${variableName}
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IPAddrUtilTest.java:50:	AvoidUsingHardCodedIP:	Do not hard code the IP address ${variableName}
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IPAddrUtilTest.java:51:	AvoidUsingHardCodedIP:	Do not hard code the IP address ${variableName}
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IPAddrUtilTest.java:52:	AvoidUsingHardCodedIP:	Do not hard code the IP address ${variableName}
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IPAddrUtilTest.java:55:	AvoidUsingHardCodedIP:	Do not hard code the IP address ${variableName}
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IPAddrUtilTest.java:56:	AvoidUsingHardCodedIP:	Do not hard code the IP address ${variableName}
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IPAddrUtilTest.java:57:	AvoidUsingHardCodedIP:	Do not hard code the IP address ${variableName}
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IPAddrUtilTest.java:58:	AvoidUsingHardCodedIP:	Do not hard code the IP address ${variableName}
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IPAddrUtilTest.java:66:	AvoidUsingHardCodedIP:	Do not hard code the IP address ${variableName}
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IPAddrUtilTest.java:67:	AvoidUsingHardCodedIP:	Do not hard code the IP address ${variableName}
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IPAddrUtilTest.java:70:	AvoidUsingHardCodedIP:	Do not hard code the IP address ${variableName}
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/IPAddrUtilTest.java:71:	AvoidUsingHardCodedIP:	Do not hard code the IP address ${variableName}
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MapResourceBundleTest.java:22:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/RequestFilterTest.java:39:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ToolListenerTest.java:40:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ToolListenerTest.java:62:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'sakaiHome' could be replaced by a local variable.
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ToolListenerTest.java:81:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ToolListenerTest.java:91:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ToolListenerTest.java:102:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ToolListenerTest.java:112:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ToolListenerTest.java:122:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ToolListenerTest.java:132:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/TrustedLoginTokenTest.java:57:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/UTF8Test.java:26:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.junit.Ignore'
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/UTF8Test.java:62:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/WebTest.java:32:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/AlphaNumericComparatorTest.java:23:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/GroupTitleComparatorTest.java:25:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.*'
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/GroupTitleComparatorTest.java:26:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.mock'
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/GroupTitleComparatorTest.java:27:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.when'
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/UserSortNameComparatorTest.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertEquals'
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/UserSortNameComparatorTest.java:19:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.when'
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/UserSortNameComparatorTest.java:129:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/UserSortNameComparatorTest.java:132:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/api/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/comparator/UserSortNameComparatorTest.java:135:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ComponentManager.java:35:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'SAKAI_COMPONENTS_ROOT_SYS_PROP': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'SERVICE_NAME': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'CURRENT_SERVER_URL': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:47:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'static final' on field 'CURRENT_PORTAL_PATH': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:324:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'toolGroupIsSelected': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:331:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'toolGroupIsRequired': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:389:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSakaiLocales': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:395:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getLocaleFromString': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:404:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getCommaSeparatedListAsSet': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:411:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSmtpServer': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:419:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSmtpFrom': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:426:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSmtpPort': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:430:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'UNKNOWN': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:431:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'TYPE_BOOLEAN': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:432:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'TYPE_INT': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:433:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'TYPE_ARRAY': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:434:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'TYPE_STRING': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:435:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static final' on field 'TYPES': the field is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:452:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getConfig': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:463:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getConfigItem': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:474:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'registerConfigItem': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:485:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'registerListener': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:493:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getConfigData': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:500:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on interface 'ConfigData': the interface is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:504:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTotalConfigItems': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:508:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRegisteredConfigItems': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:512:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUnRegisteredConfigItems': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:516:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSources': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:520:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getItems': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:526:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on interface 'ConfigItem': the interface is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:532:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'requested': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:540:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'changed': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:547:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'copy': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:552:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getName': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:556:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getValue': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:560:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getType': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:564:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:568:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDefaultValue': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:572:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDescription': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:576:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRequested': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:580:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getChanged': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:584:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getVersion': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:588:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getHistory': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:593:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isRegistered': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:598:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isDefaulted': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:602:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isSecured': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:607:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isDynamic': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:613:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on interface 'ConfigHistory': the interface is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:617:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getVersion': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:621:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getTimestamp': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:625:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:629:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getValue': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:643:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on interface 'ConfigurationProvider': the interface is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:656:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'registerConfigItems': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:666:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on interface 'ConfigurationListener': the interface is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:687:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'changing': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:701:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'changed': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:707:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifiers 'public static' on class 'BlockingConfigItem': the class is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:716:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:716:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:718:	MissingOverride:	The method 'requested()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:721:	MissingOverride:	The method 'changed(Object, String)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:724:	MissingOverride:	The method 'copy()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:727:	MissingOverride:	The method 'getName()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:730:	MissingOverride:	The method 'getValue()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:733:	MissingOverride:	The method 'getType()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:736:	MissingOverride:	The method 'getDescription()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:739:	MissingOverride:	The method 'getSource()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:742:	MissingOverride:	The method 'getDefaultValue()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:745:	MissingOverride:	The method 'getRequested()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:748:	MissingOverride:	The method 'getChanged()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:751:	MissingOverride:	The method 'getVersion()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:754:	MissingOverride:	The method 'getHistory()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:755:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:757:	MissingOverride:	The method 'isRegistered()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:760:	MissingOverride:	The method 'isDefaulted()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:763:	MissingOverride:	The method 'isSecured()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/api/ServerConfigurationService.java:766:	MissingOverride:	The method 'isDynamic()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ComponentManager.java:46:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ComponentManager.java:56:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ComponentManager.java:92:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ComponentManager.java:112:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ComponentManager.java:186:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:24:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unnecessary import from the current package 'org.sakaiproject.component.cover.ComponentManager'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:36:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:51:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:52:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:65:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:67:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:70:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:75:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:78:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:83:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:86:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:91:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:94:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:99:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:102:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:107:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:110:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:115:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:118:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:123:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:123:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:126:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:131:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:134:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:139:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:142:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:147:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:150:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:155:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:158:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:163:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:166:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:171:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:174:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:179:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:182:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:182:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:187:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:187:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:187:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:190:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:195:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:195:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:198:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:203:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:203:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:206:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:206:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:211:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'List' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:211:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:214:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:214:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:226:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'List' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:226:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:229:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:229:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:241:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'List' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:241:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:244:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:244:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:256:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:256:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:267:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:267:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:271:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'List' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:271:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:274:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:274:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:279:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'List' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:279:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:282:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:282:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:287:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:290:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:305:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:305:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:318:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:318:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:331:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:331:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:338:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:345:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/ServerConfigurationService.java:352:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/TestComponentManagerContainer.java:85:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/TestComponentManagerContainer.java:147:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/TestComponentManagerContainer.java:148:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/cover/TestComponentManagerContainer.java:203:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ComponentManagerShim.java:30:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'java.util.HashSet'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ComponentManagerShim.java:49:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'HashSet' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ComponentManagerShim.java:50:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'HashSet' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ComponentManagerShim.java:51:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'HashSet' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ComponentManagerShim.java:70:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'parent'.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ComponentManagerShim.java:102:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ComponentManagerShim.java:120:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ComponentManagerShim.java:150:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ComponentManagerShim.java:175:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ComponentManagerShim.java:188:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ComponentManagerShim.java:197:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ComponentManagerShim.java:240:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ComponentManagerShim.java:250:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/DynamicDefaultSakaiProperties.java:38:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/MockCompMgr.java:47:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/MockCompMgr.java:56:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ConcurrentHashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/MockCompMgr.java:90:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SakaiContextLoader.java:97:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'sharedAc'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SakaiContextLoader.java:112:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SakaiContextLoader.java:114:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SakaiContextLoader.java:117:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SpringCompMgr.java:106:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'parent'.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SpringCompMgr.java:125:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SpringCompMgr.java:154:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SpringCompMgr.java:169:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SpringCompMgr.java:173:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SpringCompMgr.java:182:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SpringCompMgr.java:185:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SpringCompMgr.java:190:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SpringCompMgr.java:196:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SpringCompMgr.java:205:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SpringCompMgr.java:233:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SpringCompMgr.java:253:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SpringCompMgr.java:263:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'found'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SpringCompMgr.java:272:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'found'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SpringCompMgr.java:285:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SpringCompMgr.java:290:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SpringCompMgr.java:405:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SpringCompMgr.java:408:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SpringCompMgr.java:442:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SpringCompMgr.java:449:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SpringCompMgr.java:452:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/SpringCompMgr.java:467:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/BeanDefinitionSource.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getName': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/BeanDefinitionSource.java:49:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'registerBeans': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/Configuration.java:109:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/Environment.java:28:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.sakaiproject.modi.SysProp.*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/Environment.java:135:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/Environment.java:136:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/Environment.java:151:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'defaultHomePath()'.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/Environment.java:161:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'defaultComponentsPath()'.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/Environment.java:169:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/Environment.java:172:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/Environment.java:179:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/Environment.java:208:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'catalinaBaseMissing()'.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/GlobalApplicationContext.java:27:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SakaiStartListener.java:39:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	Switch statements should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SysProp.java:118:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'SysProp': 'values' is already in scope
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/TraditionalComponent.java:91:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/TraditionalComponent.java:108:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/TraditionalComponent.java:111:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/TraditionalComponent.java:165:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/TraditionalComponent.java:174:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/TraditionalComponent.java:210:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/TraditionalComponent.java:212:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/TraditionalComponent.java:214:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BasicConfigHistory.java:119:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BasicConfigHistory.java:121:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BasicConfigHistory.java:123:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BasicConfigHistory.java:127:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BasicConfigHistory.java:129:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BasicConfigHistory.java:130:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition};`
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BasicConfigHistory.java:131:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BasicConfigItem.java:65:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoader.java:76:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoader.java:85:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoader.java:97:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoader.java:109:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoader.java:114:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoader.java:132:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoader.java:158:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoader.java:161:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoader.java:170:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoader.java:177:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoader.java:184:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoader.java:203:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoader.java:206:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoader.java:209:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoader.java:235:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoader.java:241:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoader.java:247:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoader.java:251:	MissingOverride:	The method 'accept(File)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoader.java:253:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoader.java:263:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoader.java:270:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoader.java:278:	OptimizableToArrayCall:	This call to Collection.toArray() may be optimizable
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SakaiApplicationContext.java:84:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SakaiApplicationContext.java:97:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SakaiComponentEvent.java:27:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'static' on enum 'Type': nested enums are implicitly static
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SakaiComponentEvent.java:36:	UnnecessarySemicolon:	Unnecessary semicolon
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SakaiContextLoaderListener.java:71:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SakaiContextLoaderListener.java:92:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SakaiContextLoaderListener.java:93:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SakaiProperties.java:87:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SakaiProperties.java:96:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedHashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SakaiProperties.java:138:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'parsedProperties'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SakaiProperties.java:150:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SakaiProperties.java:170:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SakaiProperties.java:356:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SakaiProperties.java:369:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/TerracottaClassLoader.java:65:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/TerracottaClassLoader.java:69:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/TerracottaClassLoader.java:76:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name '__tc_getClassLoaderName' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/ComponentLoadingTest.java:34:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.assertj.core.api.Assertions.*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/ComponentLoadingTest.java:48:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAMissingComponentDirectory_thenItIsMalformed' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/ComponentLoadingTest.java:54:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenNoWebInf_thenItIsMalformed' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/ComponentLoadingTest.java:60:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenNoWebInf_whenUsingTheSafeFactory_thenItIsEmpty' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/ComponentLoadingTest.java:66:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenNoComponentsXml_thenItIsMalformed' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/ComponentLoadingTest.java:74:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAComponentDirectory_thenItsNameMatches' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/ComponentLoadingTest.java:82:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAComponentDirectory_thenItsPathIsExposed' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/ComponentLoadingTest.java:90:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAComponentWithOneBean_whenRegisteringTheComponent_theBeanIsRegistered' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/ComponentLoadingTest.java:101:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAComponentWithAClass_thenTheBeanHasTheLoadedClass' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/ComponentLoadingTest.java:113:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAComponentWithAJar_thenTheBeanHasTheClassFromTheJar' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/ComponentLoadingTest.java:125:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAComponentWithDemoBean_whenInDemoMode_theBeanIsRegistered' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/ComponentLoadingTest.java:138:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAComponentWithDemoBean_whenNotInDemoMode_theBeanIsRegistered' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/ComponentLoadingTest.java:147:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'bd'.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/ComponentLoadingTest.java:155:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenABasicComponent_whenWeConvertABadURL_thenItGivesAnEmpty' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/ConfigurationTest.java:28:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.assertj.core.api.Assertions.*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/ConfigurationTest.java:39:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenDefaultConfiguration_whenRegistering_thenDefaultSakaiPropertiesIsLoaded' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/ConfigurationTest.java:50:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenDefaultConfiguration_whenRegistering_thenSakaiPropertiesIsLoaded' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/ConfigurationTest.java:61:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenDefaultConfiguration_whenRegistering_thenPropertyPromoterIsLoaded' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/ConfigurationTest.java:72:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAMissingConfigFile_whenConstructing_thenExceptionIsThrown' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/ConfigurationTest.java:82:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenACustomSakaiProperties_whenRegistering_thenTheDefaultIsOverridden' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/EnvironmentTest.java:27:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.assertj.core.api.Assertions.*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/EnvironmentTest.java:46:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenMissingCatalinaBase_whenInitialized_thenInitializationFails' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/EnvironmentTest.java:50:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'env'.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/EnvironmentTest.java:55:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenCatalinaBaseIsSet_whenInitialized_thenCatalinaBaseIsUnchanged' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/EnvironmentTest.java:65:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenCatalinaBaseAndNoSakaiHome_whenInitialized_thenSakaiHomeIsInCatalinaBase' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/EnvironmentTest.java:74:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenDefaultStartup_whenInitialized_thenConfigurationFileIsInSakaiHome' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/EnvironmentTest.java:83:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenDefaultStartup_whenInitialized_thenOverridesAreInSakaiHome' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/EnvironmentTest.java:92:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenSakaiHomeWithNoSlash_whenInitialized_thenSystemPropertyHasASlash' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/EnvironmentTest.java:96:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'env'.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/EnvironmentTest.java:102:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenSakaiHomeWithASlash_whenInitialized_thenSakaiHomeIsProperPath' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/EnvironmentTest.java:112:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenUnwritableParentOfSakaiHome_whenInitialized_thenInitializationFails' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/EnvironmentTest.java:126:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenUnwritableSakaiHome_whenInitialized_thenInitializationFails' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/EnvironmentTest.java:140:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenNoComponentsRoot_whenInitialized_thenComponentsAreUnderCatalina' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/EnvironmentTest.java:149:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenComponentsRoot_whenInitialized_thenComponentsAreThere' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/EnvironmentTest.java:159:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenMissingComponentsRoot_whenInitialized_thenInitializationFails' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/EnvironmentTest.java:169:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenNoSecurityDirectory_whenInitialized_thenNoSecurityDirectoryIsSet' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/EnvironmentTest.java:178:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenASecurityDirectory_whenInitialized_thenTheSecurityDirectoryIsSet' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/EnvironmentTest.java:189:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAnUnreadableSecurityDirectory_whenInitialized_thenInitializationFails' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/LauncherTest.java:31:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.assertj.core.api.Assertions.*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/LauncherTest.java:57:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenABeanInComponentsXml_whenStarted_thenTheBeanIsInitialized' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/LauncherTest.java:66:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenSeparateComponents_whenStarted_thenTheirBeansAreAllRegistered' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/LauncherTest.java:77:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenALocalSakaiConfigurationXml_whenStarted_thenTheConfigIsApplied' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/LauncherTest.java:86:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAComponentOverride_whenStarted_thenTheComponentIsModified' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/LauncherTest.java:95:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenTwoComponentOverrides_whenStarted_thenBothComponentsAreModified' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/LauncherTest.java:107:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAnExtraneousFileInOverrides_whenStarted_thenItIsNotApplied' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/LauncherTest.java:115:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenDemoModeIsOff_whenStarted_thenDemoFilesAreNotLoaded' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/LauncherTest.java:123:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenDemoModeIsOn_whenStarted_thenDemoFilesAreLoaded' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/LauncherTest.java:134:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenSakaHomeIsUnset_whenStarted_thenStartupHappensUnderTomcat' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/LauncherTest.java:141:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenSakaHomeIsSetWithNoSlash_whenStarted_thenItIsUpdatedWithSlash' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/LauncherTest.java:151:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenSakaHomeIsSetWithASlash_whenStarted_thenItIsUsedUnchanged' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/LauncherTest.java:161:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenSakaHomeIsSetToSomethingMissing_whenStarted_thenItIsCreated' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/LauncherTest.java:171:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenANormalLaunch_whenStopping_thenTheContextIsClosed' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/LauncherTest.java:182:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenACompleteLaunch_whenStarting_thenConfigComponentsAndOverridesAreSourced' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/LauncherTest.java:194:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenACompleteLaunch_whenStarting_thenComponentsNamesAreListedInSources' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SakaiStartListenerTest.java:25:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SakaiStartListenerTest.java:26:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.assertj.core.api.Assertions.*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SakaiStartListenerTest.java:36:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenNoGlobalContext_whenListenerReceivesStart_thenTheContextIsActivated' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SakaiStartListenerTest.java:47:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenANormalLaunch_whenListenerReceivesStop_thenTheContextIsClosed' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SpyBean.java:36:	AssignmentToNonFinalStatic:	Possible unsafe assignment to non-final static field 'instances' in a constructor.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SysPropTest.java:24:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.assertj.core.api.Assertions.*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SysPropTest.java:25:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.sakaiproject.modi.SysProp.*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SysPropTest.java:34:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAKnownKey_whenLookingUp_thenAPropIsReturned' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SysPropTest.java:39:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAnUnknownKey_whenLookingUp_thenEmptyIsReturned' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SysPropTest.java:44:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAProp_thenItKnowsItsKey' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SysPropTest.java:49:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAValue_whenGetting_thenItIsPresent' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SysPropTest.java:55:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAValue_whenGettingPath_thenItIsPresent' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SysPropTest.java:61:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAValue_whenGettingPathWithSuffix_thenItIsAppended' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SysPropTest.java:67:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAValue_whenGettingRawPathWithSuffix_thenItIsAppended' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SysPropTest.java:73:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAValue_whenGettingRaw_thenItIsMatches' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SysPropTest.java:79:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAStringPath_whenGettingAsPath_thenItMatches' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SysPropTest.java:85:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAValue_whenSettingAString_thenItIsStoredInSystemProps' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SysPropTest.java:94:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAValue_whenSettingAPath_thenItIsStoredInSystemProps' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SysPropTest.java:103:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAMissingValue_whenGetting_thenItIsEmpty' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SysPropTest.java:108:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAMissingValue_whenGettingWithDefault_thenDefaultIsGivenInOptional' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SysPropTest.java:113:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAMissingValue_whenGettingPathWithSuffix_thenItIsEmpty' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SysPropTest.java:118:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAMissingValue_whenGettingRawWithDefault_thenDefaultIsGiven' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/modi/SysPropTest.java:123:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAMissingValue_whenGettingRawPathWithSuffix_thenItIsNull' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Compiler.java:61:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Compiler.java:68:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Compiler.java:94:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IllegalAccessException' branch
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Compiler.java:99:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'log'.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Compiler.java:118:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Component.java:68:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'srcPkgDir' could be replaced by a local variable.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Component.java:70:	UnusedPrivateField:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'beanDefsFile'.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Component.java:77:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'classSrc' could be replaced by a local variable.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Component.java:78:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'srcPkgDir' could be replaced by a local variable.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Component.java:111:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Component.java:134:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Component.java:202:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'path'.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Component.java:245:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Component.java:276:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Component.java:279:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Component.java:284:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentBuilder.java:54:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentBuilder.java:78:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentBuilder.java:78:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentBuilder.java:78:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentBuilder.java:99:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentBuilder.java:106:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoaderTest.java:57:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoaderTest.java:101:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoaderTest.java:120:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoaderTest.java:140:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoaderTest.java:172:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoaderTest.java:198:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoaderTest.java:202:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoaderTest.java:244:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoaderTest.java:249:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoaderTest.java:278:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoaderTest.java:283:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoaderTest.java:286:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'componentA'.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoaderTest.java:287:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'componentZ'.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoaderTest.java:288:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'componentB'.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoaderTest.java:314:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoaderTest.java:318:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'component'.
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ComponentsLoaderTest.java:319:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/JarBuilder.java:64:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/JarBuilder.java:84:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/JarBuilder.java:94:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/component-manager/test-spies/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/testspy/ClassSpy.java:19:	UnnecessarySemicolon:	Unnecessary semicolon
sakai/kernel/component-manager/test-spies/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/testspy/JarSpy.java:19:	UnnecessarySemicolon:	Unnecessary semicolon
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:48:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.entity.api.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:50:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.exception.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:60:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.util.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:129:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:130:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'id'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:146:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:194:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:197:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:199:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:201:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:207:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:213:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:220:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:401:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:402:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:424:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:431:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:517:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:532:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:551:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'ref'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:554:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:569:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'allForTarget'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:588:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'allForTarget'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:605:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'all'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:662:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:712:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:725:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:928:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:942:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1065:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1077:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'open': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1082:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'close': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1091:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'check': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1100:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'get': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1107:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAll': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1118:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAll': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1125:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'count': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1138:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'search': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1147:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'countSearch': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1154:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAll': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1165:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAll': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1174:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'put': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1183:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'edit': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1191:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'commit': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1199:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cancel': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1207:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'remove': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1215:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'readProperties': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1269:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1352:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1356:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1376:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1386:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1402:	MissingOverride:	The method 'finalize()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1425:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1427:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1444:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1627:	MissingOverride:	The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1629:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1629:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1637:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hashCode()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1650:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1653:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1653:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1656:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'compare'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1753:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/BaseAliasService.java:1758:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:158:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:266:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'all'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:291:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:292:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:299:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'all'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:341:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'all'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:369:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:370:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:376:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'all'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:383:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:386:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:409:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:436:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:449:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:450:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:458:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:460:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'all'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:474:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:488:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:490:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:529:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:542:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'props'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:665:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:668:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:680:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:683:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:690:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:691:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:714:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:726:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:727:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:745:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/alias/impl/DbAliasService.java:746:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/impl/ClamAVScanner.java:72:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/impl/ClamAVScanner.java:73:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/impl/ClamAVScanner.java:74:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/impl/ClamAVScanner.java:75:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/impl/ClamAVScanner.java:130:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/impl/ClamAVScanner.java:131:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/impl/ClamAVScanner.java:155:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this OutputStream object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/impl/ClamAVScanner.java:184:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/impl/ClamAVScanner.java:191:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/impl/ClamAVScanner.java:193:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/impl/ClamAVScanner.java:201:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/impl/ClamAVScanner.java:210:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/impl/ClamAVScanner.java:219:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/impl/ClamAVScanner.java:226:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/impl/ClamAVScanner.java:233:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/impl/ClamAVScanner.java:259:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/impl/ClamAVScanner.java:266:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/impl/ClamAVScanner.java:278:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/impl/ClamAVScanner.java:284:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/impl/ClamAVScanner.java:286:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/impl/ClamAVScanner.java:291:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/antivirus/impl/ClamAVScanner.java:307:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/AuthzGroupServiceTest.java:118:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:35:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'java.util.function.Predicate'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:152:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:260:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:264:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:271:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:278:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:295:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:301:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:314:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:319:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:334:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:336:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:359:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:361:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:388:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:394:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:406:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:427:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:437:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:505:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:515:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:531:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:548:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:548:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:559:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:563:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:574:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:597:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:599:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:633:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:640:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:664:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:713:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:775:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:779:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:781:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:790:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:802:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:805:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:805:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:805:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:805:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:813:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:826:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:837:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:850:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:865:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:868:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:868:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:878:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:880:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'grant'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:889:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:896:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:899:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:916:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:934:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:937:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:961:	MissingOverride:	The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:963:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:963:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:970:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hashCode()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:980:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:983:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:983:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:986:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'compare'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:999:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:1033:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:1062:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:1079:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:1082:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:1095:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:1098:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:1111:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:1123:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'id'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:1138:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:1187:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:1197:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroup.java:1202:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:145:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:146:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'id'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:161:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:338:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:382:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:425:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:480:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:484:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:550:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:554:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:559:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:564:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:565:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:582:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:631:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:683:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:713:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:718:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:719:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:734:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:979:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:999:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:1127:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:1151:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:1155:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:1164:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:1168:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:1177:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:1181:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:1193:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:1291:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'id'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:1327:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:1327:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:1357:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:1460:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getProviderIDsForRealms': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:1482:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:1482:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'user_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:1507:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getProviderIds': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:1515:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAuthzGroupIds': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:1671:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getMaintainRoles': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:1693:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} && {thenBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseAuthzGroupService.java:1736:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseMember.java:135:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseMember.java:138:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseMember.java:138:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseMember.java:141:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'compare'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseRole.java:121:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'azGroup'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseRole.java:132:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseRole.java:140:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseRole.java:144:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseRole.java:151:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseRole.java:162:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseRole.java:180:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseRole.java:183:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseRole.java:186:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseRole.java:337:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseRole.java:340:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseRole.java:340:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseRole.java:343:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'compare'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseRole.java:367:	MissingOverride:	The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseRole.java:369:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseRole.java:369:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/BaseRole.java:377:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hashCode()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:245:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:250:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:310:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:313:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:337:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:362:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:366:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:415:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:431:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'results'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:442:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:460:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:464:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:520:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'results'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:529:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:631:	MissingOverride:	The method 'update(Observable, Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:632:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:633:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:661:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:712:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:713:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:725:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:732:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:733:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:737:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:746:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:752:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:852:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:854:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:873:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:882:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'Map' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1001:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1016:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'Map' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1029:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1045:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1065:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1066:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1104:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1106:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1107:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1113:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1156:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1157:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1208:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1224:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1291:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'auth'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1304:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1343:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1380:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'realm_key' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1385:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1391:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'realm_key' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1399:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1417:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1444:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1458:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1483:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1512:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1546:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1549:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'save_REALM_RL_FN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1594:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1625:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1635:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'save_REALM_RL_GR' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1679:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1713:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'save_REALM_PROVIDER' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1765:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1792:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'save_REALM_ROLE_DESC' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1834:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1867:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'save_REALM_LOCKS' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1897:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1933:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:1996:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2058:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2068:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2078:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2081:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2083:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2085:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2092:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2109:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2130:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2155:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'ref'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2166:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2169:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2195:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2196:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2268:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2275:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2291:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2301:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2314:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2323:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2323:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2350:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2360:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2384:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2402:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2413:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2435:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2452:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2452:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2458:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2478:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2516:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2534:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2550:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2582:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2591:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2638:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2638:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2671:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2675:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2684:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2689:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2701:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2725:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2750:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2768:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2796:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2812:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2871:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2892:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2927:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2934:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2934:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:2976:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'grants'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3002:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3027:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3040:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3042:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3095:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3105:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3129:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3175:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3175:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3180:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3186:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3186:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3186:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3203:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3203:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3220:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3221:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3223:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3227:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3229:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3236:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3271:	MissingOverride:	The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3273:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3274:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3276:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3277:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3278:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3279:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3280:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3284:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hashCode()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3308:	MissingOverride:	The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3310:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3311:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3313:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3314:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3315:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3316:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3316:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3320:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hashCode()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3338:	MissingOverride:	The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3340:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3341:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3343:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3344:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3344:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3348:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hashCode()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3369:	MissingOverride:	The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3371:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3372:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3374:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3375:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3376:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3376:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3380:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hashCode()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupService.java:3444:	MissingOverride:	The method 'compareTo(RealmRole)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupSql.java:82:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'getInsertRealmRoleGroup1_1Sql' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupSql.java:84:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'getInsertRealmRoleGroup1_2Sql' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupSql.java:88:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'getInsertRealmRoleGroup2_1Sql' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupSql.java:92:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'getInsertRealmRoleGroup3_1Sql' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupSql.java:94:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'getInsertRealmRoleGroup3_2Sql' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupSqlDefault.java:230:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'getInsertRealmRoleGroup1_1Sql' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupSqlDefault.java:238:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'getInsertRealmRoleGroup1_2Sql' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupSqlDefault.java:253:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'getInsertRealmRoleGroup2_1Sql' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupSqlDefault.java:266:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'getInsertRealmRoleGroup3_1Sql' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupSqlDefault.java:274:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'getInsertRealmRoleGroup3_2Sql' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupSqlDefault.java:334:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupSqlDefault.java:356:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupSqlOracle.java:56:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'roleId'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DbAuthzGroupSqlOracle.java:79:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/FunctionManagerComponent.java:88:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/NoSecurity.java:84:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/NoSecurity.java:96:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/NoSecurity.java:105:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/NoSecurity.java:121:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/NoSecurity.java:137:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/NoSecurity.java:147:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/NoSecurity.java:168:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/NoSecurity.java:170:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/NoSecurity.java:175:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/NoSecurity.java:189:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/ProviderMap.java:75:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/ProviderMap.java:81:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:34:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.authz.api.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:42:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.event.api.UsageSessionService'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:45:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.exception.SakaiException'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:51:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.tool.api.Session'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:55:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.user.api.UserAlreadyDefinedException'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:57:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.user.api.UserEdit'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:58:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.user.api.UserNotDefinedException'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:59:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.user.api.UserPermissionException'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:154:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:226:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:228:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:247:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:253:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:257:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:287:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:297:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:297:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:305:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:305:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:313:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:313:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:334:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:341:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:341:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:394:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:400:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:407:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:407:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:424:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:442:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:442:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:462:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:479:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:479:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:484:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:529:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:537:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:537:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:569:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:576:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:606:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:607:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:608:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:621:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:621:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:632:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:639:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:713:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:777:	UnnecessarySemicolon:	Unnecessary semicolon
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:800:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:826:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:860:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:862:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:893:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:894:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:894:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:916:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:926:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:927:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:931:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:973:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:974:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:974:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:1026:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurity.java:1039:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SeriesIterator.java:56:	MissingOverride:	The method 'next()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SeriesIterator.java:61:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SeriesIterator.java:66:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hasNext()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SeriesIterator.java:71:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SeriesIterator.java:76:	MissingOverride:	The method 'remove()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:132:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:152:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:200:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:253:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:289:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'servers'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:325:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:329:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:337:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:341:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:351:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:353:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:380:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:389:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:424:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:437:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:461:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:467:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:518:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:524:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:544:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:554:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:557:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:562:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:567:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:568:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:570:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:576:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:585:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:594:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:620:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:628:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:658:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:667:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/cluster/impl/SakaiClusterService.java:675:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:86:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:87:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:88:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:89:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:90:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:156:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:163:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:183:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:184:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:188:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:202:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:205:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:210:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:380:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:456:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:488:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty else statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:513:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:527:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:560:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:627:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:666:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:696:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:701:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:706:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:825:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:831:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:836:	OptimizableToArrayCall:	This call to Collection.toArray() may be optimizable
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:855:	MissingOverride:	The method 'compare(Locale, Locale)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:856:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:857:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:862:	OverrideBothEqualsAndHashcode:	Ensure you override both equals() and hashCode()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:864:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} && {thenBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:921:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ConcurrentHashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:922:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:923:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ConcurrentHashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:936:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:945:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:961:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:995:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:999:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:1006:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:1051:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:1075:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:1076:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:1077:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:1094:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:1176:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationService.java:1198:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ConfigDataImpl.java:46:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ConfigDataImpl.java:47:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ConfigDataImpl.java:62:	OptimizableToArrayCall:	This call to Collection.toArray() may be optimizable
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ConfigItemImpl.java:316:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ConfigItemImpl.java:318:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ConfigItemImpl.java:320:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ConfigItemImpl.java:324:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ConfigItemImpl.java:326:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ConfigItemImpl.java:340:	MissingOverride:	The method 'compareTo(ConfigItem)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ConfigItemImpl.java:369:	OptimizableToArrayCall:	This call to Collection.toArray() may be optimizable
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:81:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:81:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:110:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:143:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:157:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:253:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:254:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:261:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'g_node' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:262:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:263:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'g_element' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:266:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:282:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:291:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:305:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:354:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:355:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:364:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:368:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:396:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:399:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:401:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:432:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:435:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:450:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationService.java:455:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/AssignmentGrading.java:36:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/AssignmentGrading.java:40:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/AssignmentUpdate.java:77:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/AssignmentUpdate.java:85:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BaseConditionService.java:62:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BaseConditionService.java:65:	MissingOverride:	The method 'update(Observable, Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BaseConditionService.java:65:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BaseRule.java:82:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BooleanExpression.java:42:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BooleanExpression.java:71:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BooleanExpression.java:73:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BooleanExpression.java:74:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'SecurityException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BooleanExpression.java:75:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BooleanExpression.java:76:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'SecurityException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BooleanExpression.java:77:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BooleanExpression.java:78:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'SecurityException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BooleanExpression.java:79:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BooleanExpression.java:80:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'SecurityException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BooleanExpression.java:81:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BooleanExpression.java:82:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'SecurityException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BooleanExpression.java:83:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BooleanExpression.java:92:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	Switch statements should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BooleanExpression.java:95:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BooleanExpression.java:104:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BooleanExpression.java:111:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'term1'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BooleanExpression.java:111:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'op2'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BooleanExpression.java:112:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'term2'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BooleanExpression.java:116:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/BooleanExpression.java:157:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:96:	UnnecessarySemicolon:	Unnecessary semicolon
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:102:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:150:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:152:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:167:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:200:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:201:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:202:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:203:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:204:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:205:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:206:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:207:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:208:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:209:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:210:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:214:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:214:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:235:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:236:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:237:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:238:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:239:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:240:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:241:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:242:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:243:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:244:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:245:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:250:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:279:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:305:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:306:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'GroupNotDefinedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:307:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:308:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'GroupNotDefinedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:309:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:310:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'GroupNotDefinedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:311:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:312:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'GroupNotDefinedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:313:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:314:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'GroupNotDefinedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:315:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:316:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'GroupNotDefinedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:317:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:339:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:354:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:355:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'Date' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:371:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:379:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'addADay(Date)'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:380:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.util': 'Date' is already in scope because it is imported in this file
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:406:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:410:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:429:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:433:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:444:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:445:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'InstantiationException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:446:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:447:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'InstantiationException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:448:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ResourceReleaseRule.java:498:	PrimitiveWrapperInstantiation:	Do not use `new Double(...)`, prefer `Double.valueOf(...)`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/config/impl/ConfigurationMBean.java:41:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.sakaiproject.component.api.ServerConfigurationService.ConfigItem'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/config/impl/ConfigurationMBean.java:73:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AttributeList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/config/impl/ConfigurationMBean.java:91:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'AttributeList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/config/impl/ConfigurationMBean.java:96:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/config/impl/ConfigurationMBean.java:140:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	Switch statements should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/config/impl/ConfigurationMBean.java:157:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/config/impl/HibernateConfigItemDaoImpl.java:57:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/config/impl/StoredConfigService.java:24:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unnecessary import from the java.lang package 'java.lang.IllegalArgumentException'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/config/impl/StoredConfigService.java:175:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/config/impl/StoredConfigService.java:351:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/config/impl/StoredConfigService.java:417:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/AbstractContentResource.java:171:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:24:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.sakaiproject.content.util.IdUtil.isolateContainingId'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:25:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.sakaiproject.content.util.IdUtil.isolateName'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:330:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'setVIRUS_SCAN_PERIOD' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:330:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'scan_period' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:337:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'setVIRUS_SCAN_DELAY' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:337:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'virus_scan_delay' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:455:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:481:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:484:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:487:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:500:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:525:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:575:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:644:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:644:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:767:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:978:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:1101:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:1141:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'site_groups' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:1148:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:1153:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:1263:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:1263:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:1267:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:1290:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:1294:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:1312:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'refs'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:1315:	UnusedNullCheckInEquals:	Invoke equals() on the object you've already ensured is not null
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:1397:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:1463:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:1626:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:1716:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:1746:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:1847:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:1874:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'new_name' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:1924:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:1973:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:1995:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2024:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2028:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'TypeException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2028:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2032:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'TypeException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2032:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2101:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2103:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2105:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2143:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2173:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2214:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2286:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2293:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2298:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2301:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2303:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2307:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2354:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2359:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2362:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2364:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2368:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2399:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2409:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2429:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2431:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'AuthzPermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2433:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2437:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2469:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2474:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2664:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2704:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'InconsistentException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2737:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'InconsistentException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2789:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2809:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IdUnusedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2813:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IdUnusedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2817:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IdUnusedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2821:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IdUnusedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2837:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2915:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2931:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2939:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2945:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2953:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:2979:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'no_groups' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3012:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3014:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IdUnusedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3016:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3034:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3052:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3060:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3066:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3074:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3085:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The exception block parameter name 'inner_e' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3088:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3088:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'inner_e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3090:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The exception block parameter name 'inner_e' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3092:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3092:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'inner_e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3101:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The exception block parameter name 'inner_e' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3103:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3103:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'inner_e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3118:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'new_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3130:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3146:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3154:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3165:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'maximum_tries' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3177:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3192:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3192:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3232:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The exception block parameter name 'inner_e' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3234:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'inner_e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3244:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The exception block parameter name 'inner_e' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3246:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3246:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'inner_e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3258:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3323:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'no_groups' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3368:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3438:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3440:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IdUnusedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3442:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3460:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3477:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3485:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3491:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3499:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3510:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The exception block parameter name 'inner_e' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3513:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3513:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'inner_e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3515:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The exception block parameter name 'inner_e' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3517:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3517:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'inner_e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3526:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The exception block parameter name 'inner_e' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3528:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3528:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'inner_e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3543:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'new_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3555:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3571:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3579:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3608:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3657:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'resource'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3682:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3690:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3712:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'm_site' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3750:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'resource'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3892:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3903:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3942:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3972:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:3983:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4024:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4047:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4075:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4086:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4114:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4238:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4251:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4272:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4274:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'AuthzPermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4276:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4280:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4340:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4342:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'AuthzPermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4344:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4348:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4365:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4380:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4388:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4397:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4405:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4409:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4417:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4422:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4425:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4428:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4431:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4457:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'content_type' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4458:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'content_sha256' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4460:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'resource_type' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4507:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4552:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'new_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4591:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'new_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4663:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'new_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4693:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'folder_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4701:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'new_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4723:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'TypeException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4767:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'folder_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4784:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'folder_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4791:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'new_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4795:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4865:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'new_folder_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4883:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'base_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4884:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'still_trying' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4898:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4926:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'ee' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4941:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4946:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'member_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4954:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4956:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'InconsistentException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4958:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:4988:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'new_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5004:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'new_displayName' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5017:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'still_trying' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5103:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5105:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'InconsistentException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5107:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5117:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'ee' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5135:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'new_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5181:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'id'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5185:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5194:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5223:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'new_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5252:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'new_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5255:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5271:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'new_displayName' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5283:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'still_trying' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5299:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5332:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5334:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'InconsistentException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5336:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5346:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'ee' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5381:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'new_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5386:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5388:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5414:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5416:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'InconsistentException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5418:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5450:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'new_folder_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5466:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'base_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5467:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'still_trying' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5495:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5495:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'ee' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5526:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5526:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The exception block parameter name 'inner_e' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5535:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5540:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'member_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5549:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5551:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'InconsistentException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5553:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5566:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5567:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5567:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5568:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5568:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5630:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5653:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5654:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5655:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5656:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5657:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5658:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5659:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5670:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5676:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5712:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5713:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5714:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5715:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5716:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5717:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5718:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5719:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5720:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5729:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5740:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5788:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5798:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5799:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IOException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5800:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5806:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5847:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5903:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'immediate_priority' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5943:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:5946:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6001:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6006:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6039:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6054:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6060:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6105:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6120:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6126:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6170:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6173:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6173:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6173:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6183:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6187:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6187:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6191:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6194:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6196:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6248:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6298:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6304:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6364:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6368:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6377:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6381:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6385:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6412:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6458:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6470:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6475:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6479:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6519:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6520:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6576:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6643:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6645:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6662:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6698:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6702:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6713:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6749:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6762:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6768:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6777:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6781:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6785:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6798:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 't' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6812:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6845:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6846:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6860:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6873:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6880:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6909:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6913:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6918:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6927:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6936:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6937:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6941:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6941:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6962:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6962:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6976:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:6976:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7002:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7005:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7014:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7015:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7021:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7057:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7103:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7134:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7144:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7159:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7176:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'WTUserIdTrans' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7186:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7264:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7268:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7301:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7308:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7308:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7320:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7332:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7334:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7339:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7344:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7410:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this FileInputStream object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7447:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7466:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7477:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7488:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7489:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'InUseException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7490:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7491:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'InUseException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7492:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7493:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'InUseException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7494:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7500:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7501:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7502:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7503:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7504:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7505:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7506:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7511:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'siteIdExtract(String)'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7560:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7562:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IdUnusedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7564:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7569:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7571:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IdUsedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7573:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7575:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IdUsedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7577:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7579:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IdUsedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7581:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7593:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7595:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'TypeException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7597:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7623:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7652:	LogicInversion:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7669:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7687:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7723:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7725:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7730:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7749:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7761:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7837:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7837:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7837:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7838:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7838:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7838:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7857:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7868:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7872:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7882:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7909:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7913:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7960:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7966:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7974:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:7988:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8033:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8041:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8044:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8044:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8053:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'toolIds'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8116:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8123:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8139:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8142:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IdUnusedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8144:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8147:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IdUnusedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8149:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8156:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8163:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8222:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8235:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8235:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8236:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8266:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8292:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8293:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IOException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8294:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8372:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'createTime'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8381:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8507:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8509:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8521:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8521:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8530:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8542:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8542:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8577:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8577:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8581:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8595:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8600:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8604:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8621:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8634:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8683:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8683:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8687:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8696:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8700:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8700:	UnnecessaryReturn:	Unnecessary return statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8716:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8716:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8720:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8729:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8733:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8733:	UnnecessaryReturn:	Unnecessary return statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8759:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'default_quota' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8767:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8777:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8785:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8813:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8815:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'EntityPropertyTypeException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8815:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8821:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8862:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8899:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8912:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8936:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8937:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'GroupIdInvalidException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:8938:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9004:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9016:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9020:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9033:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9048:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9057:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedHashSet'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9194:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9265:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9265:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9273:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9307:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'id'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9353:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'site'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9357:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9370:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9375:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9380:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9381:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9398:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9404:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9429:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9433:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9437:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9448:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9450:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9455:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9459:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9463:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9467:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9471:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9501:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IdUsedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9530:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9534:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9538:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9549:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9590:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'dropboxId'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9676:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9686:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9688:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9690:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9750:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9770:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9790:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9794:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'TypeException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9794:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9822:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9825:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9826:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'StringIndexOutOfBoundsException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9826:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9876:	UnnecessarySemicolon:	Unnecessary semicolon
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9895:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9895:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9909:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9921:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9943:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9947:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9964:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9978:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:9981:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10040:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10448:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10471:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10473:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IdUnusedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10475:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10477:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IdUnusedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10479:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10503:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'EntityPropertyNotDefinedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10519:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'EntityPropertyNotDefinedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10583:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'context'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10584:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'site'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10589:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10596:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'access_mode' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10597:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10611:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10624:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10634:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10646:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10652:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10707:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10711:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10721:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10729:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10729:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10737:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'access_mode' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10738:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10752:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10764:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10774:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10832:	MissingOverride:	The method 'finalize()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:10939:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11028:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11031:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11063:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11106:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11692:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11715:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11731:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11735:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11745:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11752:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'access_mode' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11753:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11764:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11775:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11786:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11832:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11857:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11867:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'access_mode' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11868:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11879:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11891:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11902:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11919:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11931:	MissingOverride:	The method 'finalize()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11986:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11990:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11993:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:11995:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12034:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12037:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12052:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12052:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12054:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12065:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12065:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12067:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12083:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12242:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12263:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12266:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12278:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12308:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12620:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12746:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'open': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12753:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDirectLink': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12761:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getMemberCount': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12769:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getMemberResourceIds': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12777:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getMemberCollectionIds': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12782:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'close': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12787:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12792:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'checkCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12797:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getCollections': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12802:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'putCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12807:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'editCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12812:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'commitCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12817:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cancelCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12822:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'removeCollection': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12828:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12833:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'checkResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12838:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getResources': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12845:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getFlatResources': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12850:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'putResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12855:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'editResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12860:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'commitResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12865:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cancelResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12872:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'removeResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12880:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'removeResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12888:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getResourceBody': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12896:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'streamDeletedResourceBody': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12904:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'streamResourceBody': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12916:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'commitDeletedResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12918:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'putDeleteResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12920:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getDeletedResources': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12921:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'editDeletedResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12922:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'removeDeletedResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12923:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cancelDeletedResource': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12939:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getResourcesOfType': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12948:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getContextResourcesOfType': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:12975:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13068:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13079:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13092:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13100:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13124:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13125:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13144:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13190:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13190:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13196:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13196:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13203:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13210:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13226:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13241:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13250:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13254:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13261:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13270:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13294:	CheckSkipResult:	Check the value returned by the skip() method of an InputStream to see if the requested number of bytes has been skipped.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13319:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13342:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13349:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13356:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13361:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'se' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13364:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this BufferedInputStream object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13371:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13428:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13430:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13446:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13519:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'contentType'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13551:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13554:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13557:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13560:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13565:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13610:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13621:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentService.java:13649:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseExtensionResourceFilter.java:59:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseExtensionResourceFilter.java:61:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseExtensionResourceFilter.java:77:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BasicContentPrintService.java:27:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.content.api.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BasicContentPrintService.java:48:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BasicContentPrintService.java:50:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BasicContentTypeImageService.java:195:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BasicContentTypeImageService.java:218:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BasicContentTypeImageService.java:228:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BasicContentTypeImageService.java:281:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BasicContentTypeImageService.java:283:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BasicContentTypeImageService.java:301:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BasicContentTypeImageService.java:303:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BasicContentTypeImageService.java:321:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BasicContentTypeImageService.java:323:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BasicContentTypeImageService.java:326:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BasicContentTypeImageService.java:346:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BasicContentTypeImageService.java:348:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BasicContentTypeImageService.java:395:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BasicContentTypeImageService.java:398:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BasicContentTypeImageService.java:413:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BasicContentTypeImageService.java:413:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BasicContentTypeImageService.java:413:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BasicResourceToolActionPipe.java:89:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ChainedInputStream.java:85:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/CollectionAccessFormatter.java:94:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this PrintWriter object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/CollectionAccessFormatter.java:142:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/CollectionAccessFormatter.java:142:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/CollectionAccessFormatter.java:164:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/CollectionAccessFormatter.java:169:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/CollectionAccessFormatter.java:171:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/CollectionAccessFormatter.java:265:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/CollectionAccessFormatter.java:274:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/CollectionAccessFormatter.java:281:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingComparator.java:75:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'is_smart' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingComparator.java:95:	MissingOverride:	The method 'compare(Object, Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingComparator.java:109:	PrimitiveWrapperInstantiation:	Do not use `new Integer(...)`, prefer `Integer.valueOf(...)`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingComparator.java:110:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingComparator.java:113:	PrimitiveWrapperInstantiation:	Do not use `new Integer(...)`, prefer `Integer.valueOf(...)`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingComparator.java:114:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingComparator.java:132:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingComparator.java:136:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingComparator.java:143:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingComparator.java:143:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingComparator.java:144:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingComparator.java:155:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingComparator.java:155:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingComparator.java:156:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingComparator.java:159:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingComparator.java:169:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingComparator.java:172:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingComparator.java:226:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingComparator.java:226:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingComparator.java:261:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingComparator.java:289:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingHandlerResolverImpl.java:139:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingHandlerResolverImpl.java:431:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingHandlerResolverImpl.java:467:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingHandlerResolverImpl.java:535:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingHandlerResolverImpl.java:738:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'new_folder_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentHostingHandlerResolverImpl.java:755:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'new_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentServiceSql.java:93:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getResourceIdAndFilePath': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentToolFsVolumeFactory.java:133:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentToolFsVolumeFactory.java:261:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentToolFsVolumeFactory.java:263:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentToolFsVolumeFactory.java:265:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentToolFsVolumeFactory.java:268:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentToolFsVolumeFactory.java:312:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentToolFsVolumeFactory.java:314:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentToolFsVolumeFactory.java:357:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentToolFsVolumeFactory.java:362:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentToolFsVolumeFactory.java:364:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentToolFsVolumeFactory.java:388:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentToolFsVolumeFactory.java:390:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentToolFsVolumeFactory.java:418:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ContentToolFsVolumeFactory.java:420:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:93:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.sakaiproject.content.util.IdUtil.isolateContainingId'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:299:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:316:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:397:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:403:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:418:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:427:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:432:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:434:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:451:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:482:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:501:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:509:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:559:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:593:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:619:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:711:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:758:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:759:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Statement object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:760:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:761:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:762:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:829:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:906:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:934:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:941:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:948:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:958:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:965:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:972:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:994:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1001:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1008:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1015:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1040:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1160:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1259:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'body'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1516:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'ok'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1520:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1534:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'ok'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1587:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1601:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1604:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1608:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1615:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1621:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1725:	UnnecessaryReturn:	Unnecessary return statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1768:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'body'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1789:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1855:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1943:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1950:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1954:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1956:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1960:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1968:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:1970:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2028:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2041:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2042:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'ioe' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2074:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2118:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2166:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2196:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2216:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'in'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2232:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2234:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2251:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2268:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2268:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2381:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2411:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2411:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2470:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2479:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2483:	UnnecessarySemicolon:	Unnecessary semicolon
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2520:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2537:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2538:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2538:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2540:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2544:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2550:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2576:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2612:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2614:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2686:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2710:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2733:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2738:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2754:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2792:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2794:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2831:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2834:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2862:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2871:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2877:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2894:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2916:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2923:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2927:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2935:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2944:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:2974:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:3017:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:3034:	MissingOverride:	The method 'getKey()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:3039:	MissingOverride:	The method 'getValue()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:3049:	MissingOverride:	The method 'setValue(Long)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:3070:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbContentService.java:3104:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbResourceTypeRegistry.java:153:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DbResourceTypeRegistry.java:240:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DefaultFileSystemHandler.java:40:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DefaultFileSystemHandler.java:40:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DefaultFileSystemHandler.java:76:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DefaultFileSystemHandler.java:104:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} && {thenBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxAuthzHandler.java:49:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxAuthzHandler.java:111:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxAuthzHandler.java:164:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	Switch statements should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxAuthzHandler.java:176:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxAuthzHandler.java:223:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxAuthzHandler.java:247:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	Switch statements should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxAuthzHandler.java:279:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxAuthzHandler.java:284:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'userExists(String)'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxAuthzHandler.java:326:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxContextObserver.java:89:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxContextObserver.java:105:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxContextObserver.java:186:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'toolIds'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxNotification.java:84:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'resourceClass' could be replaced by a local variable.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxNotification.java:85:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'resourceBundle' could be replaced by a local variable.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxNotification.java:89:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxNotification.java:93:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxNotification.java:181:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxNotification.java:231:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxNotification.java:271:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxNotification.java:334:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxNotification.java:364:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxNotification.java:368:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxNotification.java:384:	SimplifiedTernary:	This conditional expression can be simplified with || or &&
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxNotification.java:470:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'r'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxNotification.java:486:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxNotification.java:502:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxNotification.java:506:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/DropboxNotification.java:511:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/FileConversionServiceImpl.java:120:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/FileConversionServiceImpl.java:196:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/HtmlPageFilter.java:111:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/HtmlPageFilter.java:173:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/HtmlPageFilter.java:173:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/HtmlPageFilter.java:173:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/HtmlPageFilter.java:173:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/HtmlPageFilter.java:193:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/HtmlPageFilter.java:222:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'skinRepo'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/LockManagerImpl.java:79:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/LockManagerImpl.java:106:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/LockManagerImpl.java:107:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/LockManagerImpl.java:107:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/LockManagerImpl.java:133:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/LockManagerImpl.java:136:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/LockManagerImpl.java:136:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/LockManagerImpl.java:137:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/LockManagerImpl.java:137:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/LockManagerImpl.java:150:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/LockManagerImpl.java:150:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/LockManagerImpl.java:178:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/LockManagerImpl.java:181:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/LockManagerImpl.java:181:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/LockManagerImpl.java:182:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/LockManagerImpl.java:182:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ResourceTypeRegistryImpl.java:42:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.content.api.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ResourceTypeRegistryImpl.java:82:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/SiteEmailNotificationContent.java:68:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'resourceClass' could be replaced by a local variable.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/SiteEmailNotificationContent.java:69:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'resourceBundle' could be replaced by a local variable.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/SiteEmailNotificationContent.java:103:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/SiteEmailNotificationContent.java:161:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'subject'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/SiteEmailNotificationContent.java:182:	SimplifiedTernary:	This conditional expression can be simplified with || or &&
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/SiteEmailNotificationContent.java:375:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/SiteEmailNotificationContent.java:419:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/SiteEmailNotificationContent.java:420:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/SiteEmailNotificationContent.java:421:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/SiteEmailNotificationContent.java:422:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/SiteEmailNotificationContent.java:423:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/WrappedContentResource.java:53:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/WrappedContentResource.java:65:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/WrappedContentResource.java:80:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/WrappedContentResource.java:82:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ServerOverloadException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/WrappedContentResource.java:82:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/WrappedInputStream.java:66:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/converters/LoolFileConverter.java:38:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/Type1BaseContentCollectionSerializer.java:115:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'parseString(SerializableEntity, String)'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/Type1BaseContentCollectionSerializer.java:197:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'serializeString(SerializableEntity)'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/Type1BaseContentCollectionSerializer.java:317:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	Switch statements should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/Type1BaseContentCollectionSerializer.java:438:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/Type1BaseContentResourceSerializer.java:340:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	Switch statements should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/Type1BaseContentResourceSerializer.java:486:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/Type1BaseContentResourceSerializer.java:520:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/ConvertTime.java:96:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'zone'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/ConvertTime.java:96:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'year'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/ConvertTime.java:96:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'month'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/ConvertTime.java:96:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'day'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/ConvertTime.java:96:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'hour'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/ConvertTime.java:96:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'minute'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/ConvertTime.java:96:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'second'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/ConvertTime.java:96:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'millisecond'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/ConvertTime.java:109:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'zone'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/ConvertTime.java:109:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'tb'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/ConvertTime.java:117:	ProperCloneImplementation:	Object clone() should be implemented with super.clone()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/ConvertTime.java:117:	MissingOverride:	The method 'clone()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/ConvertTime.java:117:	CloneMethodReturnTypeMustMatchClassName:	The return type of the clone() method must be the class name when implements Cloneable
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/ConvertTime.java:117:	CloneMethodMustImplementCloneable:	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/ConvertTime.java:125:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/ConvertTime.java:263:	MissingOverride:	The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/ConvertTime.java:271:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hashCode()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/FileSizeResourcesConversionHandler.java:58:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	Switch statements should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/FileSizeResourcesConversionHandler.java:94:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/FileSizeResourcesConversionHandler.java:108:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/FileSizeResourcesConversionHandler.java:122:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableCollectionAccess.java:66:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'type1CollectionSerializer' could be replaced by a local variable.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableCollectionAccess.java:242:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this StringReader object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableCollectionAccess.java:286:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableCollectionAccess.java:320:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableCollectionAccess.java:335:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'access_mode' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableCollectionAccess.java:336:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableCollectionAccess.java:349:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableCollectionAccess.java:362:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableCollectionAccess.java:372:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableCollectionAccess.java:383:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableCollectionAccess.java:387:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableCollectionAccess.java:394:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableCollectionAccess.java:494:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableResourceAccess.java:70:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'type1ResourceSerializer' could be replaced by a local variable.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableResourceAccess.java:253:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableResourceAccess.java:355:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this StringReader object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableResourceAccess.java:388:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableResourceAccess.java:406:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableResourceAccess.java:440:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableResourceAccess.java:459:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableResourceAccess.java:480:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableResourceAccess.java:488:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'access_mode' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableResourceAccess.java:489:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableResourceAccess.java:499:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableResourceAccess.java:511:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableResourceAccess.java:522:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableResourceAccess.java:540:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableResourceAccess.java:544:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableResourceAccess.java:548:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableResourceAccess.java:554:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableResourceAccess.java:684:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableResourceAccess.java:688:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableResourceAccess.java:700:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableResourceAccess.java:704:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/SAXSerializableResourceAccess.java:718:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/Type1BlobCollectionConversionHandler.java:55:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	Switch statements should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/Type1BlobCollectionConversionHandler.java:107:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/Type1BlobCollectionConversionHandler.java:121:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/Type1BlobCollectionConversionHandler.java:121:	UnnecessarySemicolon:	Unnecessary semicolon
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/Type1BlobCollectionConversionHandler.java:137:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/Type1BlobCollectionConversionHandler.java:170:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	Switch statements should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/Type1BlobCollectionConversionHandler.java:180:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/Type1BlobResourcesConversionHandler.java:58:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	Switch statements should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/Type1BlobResourcesConversionHandler.java:110:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/Type1BlobResourcesConversionHandler.java:128:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/Type1BlobResourcesConversionHandler.java:143:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/Type1BlobResourcesConversionHandler.java:176:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	Switch statements should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/conversion/Type1BlobResourcesConversionHandler.java:186:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/util/GMTDateformatter.java:33:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/util/StorageConverter.java:262:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/util/StorageConverter.java:271:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/util/StorageConverter.java:279:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/util/StorageConverter.java:291:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/util/StorageConverter.java:329:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/util/StorageConverter.java:330:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/util/StorageConverter.java:346:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/util/StorageConverter.java:355:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/util/StorageConverter.java:367:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/util/StorageConverter.java:380:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/user/prefs/ContentUserNotificationPreferencesRegistrationImpl.java:53:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'loader'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:130:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:232:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:306:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:314:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:319:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:344:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:348:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:355:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:367:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:371:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:374:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:385:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:389:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:392:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:409:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:488:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'lenRead'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:509:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:512:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'meta'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:579:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:580:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'SQLException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:581:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:590:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:597:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:609:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:619:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:619:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:680:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:683:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'meta'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:687:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:696:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:697:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:709:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:713:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:716:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:722:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:729:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:740:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:749:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:787:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:816:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:822:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:823:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'SQLException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:824:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:832:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:839:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:848:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:858:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:934:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:946:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:948:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:958:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:988:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1000:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1008:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1020:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1030:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1039:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1039:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1131:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1139:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1174:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1184:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1239:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1254:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1256:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1267:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1298:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1305:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1315:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1322:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1328:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1334:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1341:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1360:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1366:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1366:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1438:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1454:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1456:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1467:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1480:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'result'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1500:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1503:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1506:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1509:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1517:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1525:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1531:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1538:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1557:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1562:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1562:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1600:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1603:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'meta'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1609:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1611:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1612:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1635:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1637:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'NoSuchMethodException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1639:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1641:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'NoSuchMethodException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1643:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1644:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'NoSuchMethodException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1645:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1651:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1659:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1667:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1675:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1686:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1696:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1696:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1737:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1748:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1762:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1772:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1779:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1784:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1790:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1793:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1796:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1850:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1877:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1888:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1895:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1900:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1906:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1909:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1912:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1952:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1976:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1977:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'SQLException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1978:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1985:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:1995:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2026:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2044:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2047:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2062:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2063:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2072:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2099:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2109:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2121:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2231:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2247:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2294:	MissingOverride:	The method 'close()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2303:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2310:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2317:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2328:	MissingOverride:	The method 'finalize()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2335:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2342:	MissingOverride:	The method 'read()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2353:	MissingOverride:	The method 'read(byte[])' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2365:	MissingOverride:	The method 'read(byte[], int, int)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2377:	MissingOverride:	The method 'skip(long)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2389:	MissingOverride:	The method 'available()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2400:	MissingOverride:	The method 'mark(int)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2412:	MissingOverride:	The method 'reset()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2423:	MissingOverride:	The method 'markSupported()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2453:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2453:	PrimitiveWrapperInstantiation:	Do not use `new Long(...)`, prefer `Long.valueOf(...)`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlService.java:2453:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlServiceSqlDefault.java:152:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlServiceSqlHSql.java:30:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'java.util.GregorianCalendar'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlServiceSqlHSql.java:99:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Statement object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlServiceSqlHSql.java:105:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlServiceSqlMySql.java:75:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'ex' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/BasicSqlServiceSqlMySql.java:83:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/SqlServiceSql.java:28:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'java.util.GregorianCalendar'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/SqlServiceSql.java:40:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'isDeadLockError': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/SqlServiceSql.java:44:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'canReadAndUpdateBlob': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/SqlServiceSql.java:49:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getBooleanConstant': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/SqlServiceSql.java:54:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getRecordAlreadyExists': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/SqlServiceSql.java:62:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getNextSequenceSql': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/SqlServiceSql.java:74:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setBytes': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/SqlServiceSql.java:88:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setTimestamp': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/SqlServiceSql.java:95:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setNull': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/SqlServiceSql.java:107:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setBytes': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/SqlServiceSql.java:119:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'prepareAutoColumn': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/db/impl/SqlServiceSql.java:132:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getGeneratedKey': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/elfinder/impl/SakaiFsServiceImpl.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.sakaiproject.site.api.SiteService.SelectionType.ACCESS'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/elfinder/impl/SakaiFsServiceImpl.java:73:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/elfinder/impl/SakaiFsServiceImpl.java:76:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/elfinder/impl/SakaiFsServiceImpl.java:84:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/elfinder/impl/SakaiFsServiceImpl.java:190:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/elfinder/impl/SakaiFsServiceImpl.java:202:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/elfinder/impl/SakaiFsServiceImpl.java:204:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:109:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'setDIGEST_PERIOD' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:109:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'digest_period' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:116:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'setDIGEST_DELAY' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:116:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'digest_delay' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:234:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:246:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:253:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:267:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:282:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:284:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:291:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:297:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:297:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:300:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:337:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:371:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:405:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:405:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:412:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:424:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:438:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:459:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:465:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:513:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:514:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'id'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:529:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:652:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:652:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:654:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:663:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:673:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:689:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:708:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:718:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'digests'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:758:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:764:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:864:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'digest'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:962:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:966:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:973:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:991:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:994:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1026:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1047:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1056:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1077:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1143:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1155:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1186:	MissingOverride:	The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1188:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1188:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1195:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hashCode()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1205:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1208:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1208:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1211:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'compare'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1289:	MissingOverride:	The method 'finalize()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1370:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1378:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1398:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'open': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1403:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'close': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1412:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'check': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1421:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'get': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1428:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAll': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1437:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'put': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1446:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'edit': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1454:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'commit': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1462:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cancel': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1470:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'remove': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BaseDigestService.java:1536:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:197:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:246:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:249:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:253:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:254:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:256:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:257:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:259:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:281:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:298:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:308:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:351:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:378:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:380:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:382:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:416:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:470:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:523:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:527:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:537:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:556:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:565:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:571:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:573:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:629:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:644:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:679:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:685:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:759:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:762:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:765:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:772:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:784:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:784:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:786:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:788:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:790:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:801:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:805:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:809:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:812:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:816:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:833:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:845:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:845:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:845:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:846:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:862:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:865:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:866:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:897:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:906:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:917:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:920:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'AddressException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:922:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:975:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1006:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1033:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1034:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1047:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'AddressException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1066:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1074:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1086:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1139:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1170:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1171:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1200:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1264:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1280:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1292:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1313:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1323:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1346:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1422:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1427:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1470:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1474:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1478:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1482:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1486:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1498:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1519:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1523:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1528:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1604:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1677:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1680:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'MessagingException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1682:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/BasicEmailService.java:1695:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'formattedName'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/DbDigestService.java:121:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/EmailTemplateServiceImpl.java:36:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'java.util.Iterator'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/EmailTemplateServiceImpl.java:40:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'java.util.Map.Entry'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/EmailTemplateServiceImpl.java:42:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'java.util.Set'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/EmailTemplateServiceImpl.java:73:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.entity.api.Entity'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/EmailTemplateServiceImpl.java:87:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/EmailTemplateServiceImpl.java:90:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/EmailTemplateServiceImpl.java:252:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/EmailTemplateServiceImpl.java:285:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/EmailTemplateServiceImpl.java:351:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/EmailTemplateServiceImpl.java:355:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/EmailTemplateServiceImpl.java:421:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'ADMIN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/EmailTemplateServiceImpl.java:436:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/EmailTemplateServiceImpl.java:457:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/EmailTemplateServiceImpl.java:480:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/EmailTemplateServiceImpl.java:513:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this FileChannel object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/EmailTemplateServiceImpl.java:529:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/EmailTemplateServiceImpl.java:549:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/EmailTemplateServiceImpl.java:566:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/EmailTemplateServiceImpl.java:582:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/EmailTemplateServiceImpl.java:636:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/EmailTemplateServiceImpl.java:647:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/EmailTemplateServiceImpl.java:649:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/repository/EmailTemplateRepositoryImpl.java:40:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/repository/EmailTemplateRepositoryImpl.java:56:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/util/TextTemplateLogicUtils.java:41:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/util/TextTemplateLogicUtils.java:60:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/EntityManagerComponent.java:103:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/EntityManagerComponent.java:171:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/EntityManagerComponent.java:171:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/EntityManagerComponent.java:194:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/EntityManagerComponent.java:198:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/EntityManagerComponent.java:208:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/EntityManagerComponent.java:258:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/EntityManagerComponent.java:273:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/EntityManagerComponent.java:305:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/EntityManagerComponent.java:335:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/EntityManagerComponent.java:335:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/EntityManagerComponent.java:337:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/EntityManagerComponent.java:349:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/ReferenceComponent.java:209:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/ReferenceComponent.java:222:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/ReferenceComponent.java:272:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/ReferenceComponent.java:291:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/ReferenceComponent.java:296:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/ReferenceComponent.java:297:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/ReferenceComponent.java:303:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/ReferenceComponent.java:303:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/ReferenceComponent.java:304:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/ReferenceComponent.java:304:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/ReferenceComponent.java:305:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/ReferenceComponent.java:305:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/ReferenceComponent.java:318:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/ReferenceComponent.java:321:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/ReferenceComponent.java:322:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/ReferenceVectorComponent.java:51:	MissingOverride:	The method 'contains(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/ReferenceVectorComponent.java:63:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/ReferenceVectorComponent.java:68:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/ReferenceVectorComponent.java:76:	MissingOverride:	The method 'remove(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ActivityServiceImpl.java:45:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ActivityServiceImpl.java:51:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ActivityServiceImpl.java:96:	MissingOverride:	The method 'update(Observable, Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ActivityServiceImpl.java:105:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ActivityServiceImpl.java:114:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ActivityServiceImpl.java:122:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ActivityServiceImpl.java:125:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseEventTrackingService.java:45:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.time.api.Time'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseEventTrackingService.java:99:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseEventTrackingService.java:160:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseEventTrackingService.java:172:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseEventTrackingService.java:181:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseEventTrackingService.java:308:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseEventTrackingService.java:327:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseEventTrackingService.java:344:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseEventTrackingService.java:439:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseEventTrackingService.java:508:	MissingOverride:	The method 'setChanged()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseEventTrackingService.java:790:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseLearningResourceStoreService.java:82:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ConcurrentHashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseLearningResourceStoreService.java:91:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseLearningResourceStoreService.java:99:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ConcurrentHashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseLearningResourceStoreService.java:116:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseLearningResourceStoreService.java:118:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseLearningResourceStoreService.java:126:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseLearningResourceStoreService.java:131:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseLearningResourceStoreService.java:139:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseLearningResourceStoreService.java:244:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseLearningResourceStoreService.java:247:	UnnecessarySemicolon:	Unnecessary semicolon
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseLearningResourceStoreService.java:323:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseLearningResourceStoreService.java:421:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:41:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.event.api.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:93:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:94:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:96:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:96:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:135:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:136:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'id'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:216:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:229:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:233:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:256:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:311:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:340:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:361:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:395:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:421:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:453:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:472:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:492:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:532:	MissingOverride:	The method 'update(Observable, Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:535:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:543:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:662:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:720:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:741:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'open': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:746:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'close': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:755:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'check': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:764:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'put': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:773:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'get': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:782:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAll': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:789:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAll': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:798:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'edit': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:806:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'commit': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:814:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cancel': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:822:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'remove': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:901:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:905:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:912:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:928:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:928:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'cnfe' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:929:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:939:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:943:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:1087:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:1104:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:1109:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:1140:	OverrideBothEqualsAndHashcode:	Ensure you override both equals() and hashCode()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:1203:	MissingOverride:	The method 'finalize()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:1340:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseNotificationService.java:1345:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseUsageSession.java:376:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseUsageSession.java:409:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseUsageSession.java:412:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseUsageSession.java:412:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BaseUsageSession.java:430:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/BasicEventTracking.java:64:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ClusterEventTracking.java:132:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ClusterEventTracking.java:149:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ClusterEventTracking.java:258:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ClusterEventTracking.java:269:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ClusterEventTracking.java:295:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ClusterEventTracking.java:334:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ClusterEventTracking.java:383:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ClusterEventTracking.java:398:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ClusterEventTracking.java:401:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ClusterEventTracking.java:435:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ClusterEventTracking.java:454:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ClusterEventTracking.java:457:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ClusterEventTracking.java:472:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ClusterEventTracking.java:529:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ClusterEventTracking.java:570:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ClusterEventTracking.java:615:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ClusterEventTracking.java:657:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ClusterEventTracking.java:659:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/ClusterEventTracking.java:679:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/DbNotificationService.java:118:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/DbNotificationService.java:182:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/DbNotificationService.java:185:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/EventQueryServiceImpl.java:57:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/EventQueryServiceImpl.java:95:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/EventQueryServiceImpl.java:114:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/EventQueryServiceImpl.java:129:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/EventQueryServiceImpl.java:144:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'date'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/EventQueryServiceImpl.java:148:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/EventQueryServiceImpl.java:176:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'date'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/EventQueryServiceImpl.java:183:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/EventQueryServiceImpl.java:190:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/EventQueryServiceImpl.java:198:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/EventQueryServiceImpl.java:205:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/EventQueryServiceImpl.java:209:	ReturnFromFinallyBlock:	Avoid returning from a finally block
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/EventQueryServiceImpl.java:209:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/EventQueryServiceImpl.java:230:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'event_date' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/EventQueryServiceImpl.java:246:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'event_code' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/EventQueryServiceImpl.java:250:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'user_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/EventQueryServiceImpl.java:291:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/EventQueryServiceImpl.java:300:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/NotificationServiceTest.java:24:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.component.api.ComponentManager'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/UsageSessionServiceAdaptor.java:234:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/UsageSessionServiceAdaptor.java:239:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/UsageSessionServiceAdaptor.java:279:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/UsageSessionServiceAdaptor.java:295:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/UsageSessionServiceAdaptor.java:363:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/UsageSessionServiceAdaptor.java:391:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/UsageSessionServiceAdaptor.java:544:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/UsageSessionServiceAdaptor.java:558:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/UsageSessionServiceAdaptor.java:560:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/UsageSessionServiceAdaptor.java:592:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/UsageSessionServiceAdaptor.java:603:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'readSqlResultRecord(ResultSet)'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/UsageSessionServiceAdaptor.java:605:	UselessQualifiedThis:	Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/UsageSessionServiceAdaptor.java:839:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/UsageSessionServiceAdaptor.java:991:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/UsageSessionServiceAdaptor.java:999:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Formatter object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/UsageSessionServiceSqlDefault.java:84:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/ignite/EagerIgniteSpringBean.java:25:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/ignite/IgniteConditionalCache.java:36:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/ignite/IgniteConditionalCache.java:39:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/ignite/IgniteConfigurationAdapter.java:34:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.apache.ignite.failure.FailureHandler'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/ignite/IgniteConfigurationAdapter.java:136:	AvoidUsingHardCodedIP:	Do not hard code the IP address ${variableName}
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/ignite/IgniteConfigurationAdapter.java:210:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/ignite/IgniteConfigurationAdapter.java:261:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/ignite/IgniteStopNodeAndExitHandler.java:42:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/ignite/IgniteStopNodeAndExitHandler.java:54:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/ignite/IgniteStopNodeAndExitHandler.java:58:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/ignite/IgniteStopNodeAndExitHandler.java:60:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/log/impl/Log4jConfigurationManager.java:141:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/log/impl/Log4jConfigurationManager.java:146:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/log/impl/Log4jConfigurationManager.java:181:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/BaseMemoryService.java:33:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.memory.api.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/BaseMemoryService.java:97:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/BaseMemoryService.java:200:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/BaseMemoryService.java:209:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/BasicCache.java:124:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/BasicMapCache.java:100:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhCacheJmxRegistration.java:52:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheCache.java:74:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheCache.java:94:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheCache.java:102:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheCache.java:102:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'w'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheCache.java:219:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'found'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheCache.java:239:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheCache.java:239:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheCache.java:254:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheCache.java:267:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheCache.java:298:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheCache.java:302:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheCache.java:315:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheCache.java:324:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheCache.java:333:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheCache.java:342:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheCache.java:354:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheCache.java:358:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheCache.java:362:	CloneMethodReturnTypeMustMatchClassName:	The return type of the clone() method must be the class name when implements Cloneable
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheCache.java:362:	CloneMethodMustImplementCloneable:	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheMemoryService.java:66:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheMemoryService.java:82:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheMemoryService.java:99:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheMemoryService.java:211:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheMemoryService.java:325:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheMemoryService.java:340:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheMemoryService.java:348:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheMemoryService.java:354:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheMemoryService.java:358:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheMemoryService.java:361:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheMemoryService.java:367:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheMemoryService.java:374:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheMemoryService.java:410:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/EhcacheMemoryService.java:413:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/HazelcastMemoryService.java:61:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/HazelcastMemoryService.java:89:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/HazelcastMemoryService.java:100:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/HazelcastMemoryService.java:134:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/HazelcastMemoryService.java:201:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TreeMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/HazelcastMemoryService.java:289:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'addKeyValueToConfig(StringBuilder, String, Object, boolean)'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/HazelcastMemoryService.java:310:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/HazelcastMemoryService.java:320:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'configuration'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/HazelcastMemoryService.java:326:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/HazelcastMemoryService.java:346:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/HazelcastMemoryService.java:349:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/HazelcastMemoryService.java:355:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/HazelcastMemoryService.java:356:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty try body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/HazelcastMemoryService.java:360:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/HazelcastMemoryService.java:387:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/SakaiCacheManagerFactoryBean.java:32:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'net.sf.ehcache.config.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/SakaiCacheManagerFactoryBean.java:89:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/SakaiCacheManagerFactoryBean.java:174:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/SakaiCacheManagerFactoryBean.java:191:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/SakaiCacheManagerFactoryBean.java:248:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/memory/impl/SakaiCacheManagerFactoryBean.java:269:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/CachingMessageBundleServiceImpl.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'java.util.Collections'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/MessageBundleServiceImpl.java:161:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/MessageBundleServiceImpl.java:196:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/MessageBundleServiceImpl.java:202:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/MessageBundleServiceImpl.java:261:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/MessageBundleServiceImpl.java:274:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/MessageBundleServiceImpl.java:289:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/MessageBundleServiceImpl.java:290:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/MessageBundleServiceImpl.java:376:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/MessageBundleServiceImpl.java:407:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'results'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/MessageBundleServiceImpl.java:417:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'results'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/MessageBundleServiceImpl.java:425:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/MessageBundleServiceImpl.java:430:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/MessageBundleServiceImpl.java:522:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/MessageBundleServiceImpl.java:538:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/MicrosoftMessagingServiceImpl.java:80:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceImpl.java:75:	UnnecessaryImport:	Duplicate import 'org.sakaiproject.messaging.api.model.UserNotification'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceImpl.java:78:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.sakaiproject.messaging.api.MessageMedium.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceImpl.java:146:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'publicKey' could be replaced by a local variable.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceImpl.java:183:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceImpl.java:210:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceImpl.java:222:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceImpl.java:225:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceImpl.java:226:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceImpl.java:227:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceImpl.java:228:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceImpl.java:245:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceImpl.java:253:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceImpl.java:272:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceImpl.java:408:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceImpl.java:422:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceImpl.java:427:	MissingOverride:	The method 'update(Observable, Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceImpl.java:449:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'at'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceImpl.java:484:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'tool'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceImpl.java:528:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceImpl.java:631:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceImpl.java:636:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseGroup.java:93:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseGroup.java:103:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseGroup.java:125:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseGroup.java:240:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseGroup.java:255:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseGroup.java:302:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseGroup.java:310:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseGroup.java:312:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseGroup.java:314:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseGroup.java:318:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseGroup.java:320:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseGroup.java:337:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseGroup.java:340:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseGroup.java:340:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseGroup.java:389:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseGroup.java:413:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseGroup.java:429:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseGroup.java:436:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseGroup.java:443:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseGroup.java:456:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseGroup.java:482:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseGroup.java:603:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseGroup.java:622:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseGroup.java:663:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:175:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'formattedText' could be replaced by a local variable.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:356:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:360:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:422:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:433:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:444:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:450:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:452:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:452:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:518:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'isSpecial'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:518:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'isUser'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:680:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:682:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:715:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:730:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:855:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:967:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1048:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1055:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'membersInGroups'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1075:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1076:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1076:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1082:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1089:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1097:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1113:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1114:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1114:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1119:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1124:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1125:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1125:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1126:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1163:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1188:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1192:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1207:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1221:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1264:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1269:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1291:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1292:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1292:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1303:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1306:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1320:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1328:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1329:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1330:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1354:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1363:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1386:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1388:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1390:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1394:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1396:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1413:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1416:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1416:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1442:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1455:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1459:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1463:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1466:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1468:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1469:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1470:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1490:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1717:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1754:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1842:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1853:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSite.java:1988:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:310:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:318:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:328:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:332:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:339:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:345:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:347:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:347:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:364:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:371:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:373:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:383:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:392:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:489:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:491:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:497:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:517:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:573:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:575:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:588:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:591:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:593:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:605:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} && {thenBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:605:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:606:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:616:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:620:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:622:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:635:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:639:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:653:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:653:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:672:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:676:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:680:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:681:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:730:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:739:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:754:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:777:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:899:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:905:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePage.java:918:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:214:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:215:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'id'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:230:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:335:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:347:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:356:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:602:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:612:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:654:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:664:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:664:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:670:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:766:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:787:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:810:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'ee' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:812:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IdUsedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:814:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'ee' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:883:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:908:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:945:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:994:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1034:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1086:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1113:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1209:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1212:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1224:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1227:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1261:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1423:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1455:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1457:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1459:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1551:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1554:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1554:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1557:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1557:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1593:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1598:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1601:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1604:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1604:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1607:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1607:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1607:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1655:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1670:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1684:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1713:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1732:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1759:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1803:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1817:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1821:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1825:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1836:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1853:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1875:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1896:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1924:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedHashSet'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1988:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1992:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:1995:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2005:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2018:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2020:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2037:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IdUnusedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2352:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2367:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2383:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2389:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2444:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this PrintWriter object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2475:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 't' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2522:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2534:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2536:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2539:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IdUnusedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2539:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2561:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2573:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2573:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2597:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2614:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2617:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2626:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2763:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2912:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'realm'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2929:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2937:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'realm'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2950:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:2969:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3006:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3022:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'open': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3027:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'close': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3036:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'check': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3045:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'get': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3052:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAll': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3061:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'put': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3069:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'save': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3081:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'saveInfo': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3092:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'unpublish': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3097:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'writeProperties': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3104:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'writeProperty': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3112:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'remove': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3119:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'count': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3126:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSiteTypes': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3145:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSites': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3175:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSites': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3207:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSites': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3239:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSites': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3272:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSites': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3337:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'countSites': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3346:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'findTool': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3355:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'findToolSiteId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3364:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'findPage': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3373:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'findPageSiteId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3381:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'readSiteProperties': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3389:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'readSitePageProperties': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3397:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'readAllSiteProperties': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3405:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'readPageProperties': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3413:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'readToolProperties': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3421:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'readGroupProperties': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3429:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'readSitePages': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3437:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'readPageTools': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3445:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'readSiteTools': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3454:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSiteSkin': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3468:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setSiteSecurity': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3482:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'setUserSecurity': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3490:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'saveToolConfig': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3499:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'findGroupSiteId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3509:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'readSiteGroups': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3516:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSoftlyDeletedSites': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3533:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3548:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 's'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3584:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3588:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3602:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3619:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3661:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3682:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3707:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3773:	MissingOverride:	The method 'update(Observable, Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3774:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3815:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3825:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3827:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3868:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSiteService.java:3954:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseToolConfiguration.java:134:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseToolConfiguration.java:135:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseToolConfiguration.java:136:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseToolConfiguration.java:138:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseToolConfiguration.java:216:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Hashtable'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseToolConfiguration.java:329:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseToolConfiguration.java:380:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseToolConfiguration.java:385:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseToolConfiguration.java:394:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseToolConfiguration.java:476:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseToolConfiguration.java:490:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseToolConfiguration.java:508:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseToolConfiguration.java:553:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseToolConfiguration.java:605:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:173:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:260:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:263:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:273:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:332:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:427:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:477:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:534:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:583:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'getSitesWhere(SelectionType, Object, String, Map, SortType)'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:601:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:603:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:605:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:657:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:659:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:661:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:663:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:665:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:667:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:669:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:673:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:681:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:707:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:707:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:817:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:818:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:819:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:820:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:848:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:856:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:874:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:876:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:886:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:888:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:897:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1007:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1011:	OptimizableToArrayCall:	This call to Collection.toArray() may be optimizable
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1118:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1122:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1124:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1145:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'getSiteIds(SelectionType, Object, String, Map<String, String>, List<String>, SortType, PagingPosition)'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1163:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedHashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1167:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedHashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1207:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedHashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1253:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1312:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1322:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1339:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1345:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1351:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1373:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1375:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1377:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1430:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1432:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1434:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1436:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1438:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1440:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1443:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1454:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1484:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1485:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1486:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1513:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1521:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1534:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1536:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1552:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1552:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1557:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1593:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1596:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'tool'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1602:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1610:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1614:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1645:	SimplifiedTernary:	This conditional expression can be simplified with || or &&
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1648:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1651:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'page'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1657:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1665:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1669:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1694:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1698:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1719:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1723:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1748:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1752:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1822:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1887:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1887:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1887:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1887:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1887:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1888:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1897:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1903:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1909:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1922:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1930:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1938:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:1999:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2064:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2064:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2064:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2064:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2064:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2065:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2074:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2080:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2086:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2099:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2107:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2115:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2218:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2234:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2277:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2320:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2373:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'all'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2383:	SimplifiedTernary:	This conditional expression can be simplified with || or &&
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2414:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'all'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2456:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'all'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2472:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2509:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'all'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2530:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2562:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2597:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2598:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2599:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2638:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'id'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2643:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2693:	SimplifiedTernary:	This conditional expression can be simplified with || or &&
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2694:	SimplifiedTernary:	This conditional expression can be simplified with || or &&
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2696:	SimplifiedTernary:	This conditional expression can be simplified with || or &&
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2697:	SimplifiedTernary:	This conditional expression can be simplified with || or &&
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2712:	SimplifiedTernary:	This conditional expression can be simplified with || or &&
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2713:	SimplifiedTernary:	This conditional expression can be simplified with || or &&
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/DbSiteService.java:2723:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/JoinSiteDelegate.java:79:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedHashSet'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/JoinSiteDelegate.java:101:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/JoinSiteDelegate.java:102:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/JoinSiteDelegate.java:103:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/JoinSiteDelegate.java:105:	AssignmentToNonFinalStatic:	Possible unsafe assignment to non-final static field 'GLOBAL_JOIN_LIMIT_BY_ACCOUNT_TYPE_ENABLED' in a constructor.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/JoinSiteDelegate.java:131:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedHashSet'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/JoinSiteDelegate.java:133:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'JoinSiteDelegate': 'allowJoinableAccountTypeCategories' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/JoinSiteDelegate.java:144:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'JoinSiteDelegate': 'allowJoinableAccountTypes' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/JoinSiteDelegate.java:155:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'JoinSiteDelegate': 'allowJoinableAccounts' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/JoinSiteDelegate.java:166:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'JoinSiteDelegate': 'GLOBAL_JOIN_GROUP_ENABLED' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/JoinSiteDelegate.java:177:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'JoinSiteDelegate': 'GLOBAL_JOIN_EXCLUDE_FROM_PUBLIC_ENABLED' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/JoinSiteDelegate.java:188:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'JoinSiteDelegate': 'GLOBAL_JOIN_LIMIT_BY_ACCOUNT_TYPE_ENABLED' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/JoinSiteDelegate.java:199:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'JoinSiteDelegate': 'GLOBAL_SITE_BROWSER_JOIN_ENABLED' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/JoinSiteDelegate.java:239:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} && {thenBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/JoinSiteDelegate.java:288:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/JoinSiteDelegate.java:340:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/JoinSiteDelegate.java:340:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/JoinSiteDelegate.java:361:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/JoinSiteDelegate.java:366:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/JoinSiteDelegate.java:398:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/JoinSiteDelegate.java:440:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/ResourceVector.java:79:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/ResourceVector.java:82:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/ResourceVector.java:97:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/ResourceVector.java:98:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/ResourceVector.java:112:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/ResourceVector.java:113:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/SiteAliasCleanupNotificationAction.java:87:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/SiteAliasCleanupNotificationAction.java:98:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/SiteAliasCleanupNotificationAction.java:104:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/SiteCacheImpl.java:79:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'sleep'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/SiteCacheImpl.java:212:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'key'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/SiteCacheImpl.java:235:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/SiteCacheImpl.java:247:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/SiteCacheImpl.java:255:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'key'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/SiteCacheImpl.java:258:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/SiteCacheImpl.java:307:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/SiteCacheImpl.java:373:	CloneMethodReturnTypeMustMatchClassName:	The return type of the clone() method must be the class name when implements Cloneable
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/SiteCacheImpl.java:373:	CloneMethodMustImplementCloneable:	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/SiteCacheSafe.java:33:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.memory.api.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/SiteCacheSafe.java:216:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/SiteCacheSafe.java:229:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/SiteCacheSafe.java:242:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/SiteCacheSafe.java:251:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/SiteCacheSafe.java:278:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'key'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/SiteCacheSafe.java:281:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/SiteFsVolume.java:98:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/SiteFsVolume.java:166:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'pe' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/SiteFsVolume.java:168:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'iue' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tasks/impl/TaskServiceImpl.java:91:	MissingOverride:	The method 'update(Observable, Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tasks/impl/TaskServiceImpl.java:109:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tasks/impl/TaskServiceImpl.java:135:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tasks/impl/TaskServiceImpl.java:200:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tasks/impl/repository/UserTaskRepositoryImpl.java:74:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'findByUserIdAndTask_StartsLessThanEqual' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tasks/impl/repository/UserTaskRepositoryImpl.java:83:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'findByTask_SiteId' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/thread_local/impl/ThreadLocalComponent.java:50:	MissingOverride:	The method 'initialValue()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/thread_local/impl/ThreadLocalComponent.java:135:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/thread_local/impl/ThreadLocalComponent.java:139:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:79:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Hashtable'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:126:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:130:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:131:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:156:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'timeZoneLocale'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:257:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'tz_local' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:266:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'tz_local' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:362:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:365:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:368:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:387:	MissingOverride:	The method 'clone()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:387:	CloneMethodReturnTypeMustMatchClassName:	The return type of the clone() method must be the class name when implements Cloneable
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:387:	CloneMethodMustImplementCloneable:	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:389:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'obj'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:568:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:643:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:727:	MissingOverride:	The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:735:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:735:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:746:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hashCode()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:758:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:928:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:988:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:992:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:996:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/BasicTimeService.java:1007:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/LocalTzFormat.java:58:	UnnecessarySemicolon:	Unnecessary semicolon
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/LocalTzFormat.java:64:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'M_locale' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/LocalTzFormat.java:67:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/LocalTzFormat.java:67:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/LocalTzFormat.java:68:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/LocalTzFormat.java:70:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/LocalTzFormat.java:72:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/LocalTzFormat.java:74:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/LocalTzFormat.java:81:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/LocalTzFormat.java:86:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/LocalTzFormat.java:96:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/MyTime.java:137:	ProperCloneImplementation:	Object clone() should be implemented with super.clone()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/MyTime.java:137:	MissingOverride:	The method 'clone()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/MyTime.java:137:	CloneMethodReturnTypeMustMatchClassName:	The return type of the clone() method must be the class name when implements Cloneable
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/MyTime.java:137:	CloneMethodMustImplementCloneable:	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/MyTime.java:145:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/MyTime.java:422:	MissingOverride:	The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/MyTime.java:437:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hashCode()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/MyTime.java:447:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/MyTime.java:448:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/MyTime.java:472:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/MyTime.java:473:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/MyTime.java:475:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/MyTime.java:483:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/MyTime.java:484:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/MyTime.java:486:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/MyTime.java:501:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/MyTime.java:503:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/MyTime.java:505:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/MyTime.java:514:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'b'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/MyTime.java:527:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'b'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/MyTimeBreakdown.java:63:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/UserTimeServiceImpl.java:58:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ConcurrentHashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/UserTimeServiceImpl.java:92:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/UserTimeServiceImpl.java:95:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/UserTimeServiceImpl.java:143:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/UserTimeServiceImpl.java:144:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/UserTimeServiceImpl.java:153:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/UserTimeServiceImpl.java:154:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/UserTimeServiceImpl.java:163:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/UserTimeServiceImpl.java:164:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/UserTimeServiceImpl.java:174:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/UserTimeServiceImpl.java:187:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/UserTimeServiceImpl.java:234:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/UserTimeServiceImpl.java:241:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/timesheet/impl/TimeSheetServiceImpl.java:65:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:152:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:170:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:172:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:182:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:186:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:192:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:206:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:206:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:211:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:212:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:215:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:218:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:218:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:232:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:236:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:236:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:248:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:250:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:251:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:260:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:264:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:271:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:271:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:271:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:326:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:330:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:349:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:359:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:407:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:411:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:427:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:439:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:518:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IOException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:524:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:549:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IOException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:555:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:589:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IOException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:595:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:687:	UnnecessarySemicolon:	Unnecessary semicolon
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:731:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:738:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:745:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:825:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hasMoreElements()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:830:	MissingOverride:	The method 'nextElement()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:891:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:891:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:891:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:945:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponent.java:958:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MyLittleSession.java:137:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'm_tool_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MyLittleSession.java:152:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'm_context_id' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MyLittleSession.java:260:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MyLittleSession.java:335:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MyLittleSession.java:346:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MyLittleSession.java:377:	MissingOverride:	The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MyLittleSession.java:379:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MyLittleSession.java:390:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hashCode()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySession.java:304:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'req'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySession.java:312:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedHashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySession.java:322:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySession.java:334:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySession.java:404:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySession.java:412:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySession.java:420:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySession.java:443:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySession.java:465:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySession.java:561:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySession.java:572:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySession.java:647:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySession.java:653:	MissingOverride:	The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySession.java:655:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySession.java:666:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hashCode()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:44:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.tool.api.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:74:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:75:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:76:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:77:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:100:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:136:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:148:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:160:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:164:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:173:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:193:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:197:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:211:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:222:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:226:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:232:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:273:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:279:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:282:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:316:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:343:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:352:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:385:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:391:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:397:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:408:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:414:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:420:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:454:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:476:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:482:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:645:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:648:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:684:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:709:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:768:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:777:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:797:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:799:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:819:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:821:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:826:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/RebuildBreakdownServiceImpl.java:862:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponent.java:146:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponent.java:189:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponent.java:217:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponent.java:243:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 's'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponent.java:272:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'NoSuchAlgorithmException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponent.java:382:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponent.java:462:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'String' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponent.java:465:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponent.java:479:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponent.java:525:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponent.java:534:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponent.java:556:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponent.java:566:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponent.java:579:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponent.java:582:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponent.java:592:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponent.java:602:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:134:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:160:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:186:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:255:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:291:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:337:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:337:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:339:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:342:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:354:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:356:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:366:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:370:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:399:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:403:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:422:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:432:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:460:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:464:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:480:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:533:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:538:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:552:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:559:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:567:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:575:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:659:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:711:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:730:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:732:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:734:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:743:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:746:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:748:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:751:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:754:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:757:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:759:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:784:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:786:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:788:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:789:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolComponent.java:806:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolImpl.java:86:	MissingOverride:	The method 'compareTo(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolImpl.java:98:	MissingOverride:	The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolImpl.java:100:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolImpl.java:214:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolImpl.java:227:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolImpl.java:230:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolImpl.java:233:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ToolImpl.java:242:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hashCode()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/AuthenticationCache.java:73:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/AuthenticationCache.java:81:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/AuthenticationCache.java:94:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/AuthenticationCache.java:97:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/AuthenticationCache.java:103:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/AuthenticationCache.java:125:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/AuthenticationCache.java:151:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'NoSuchAlgorithmException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/AuthenticationCache.java:163:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/AuthenticationCache.java:171:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/AuthenticationCache.java:181:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/AuthnCacheWatcher.java:98:	MissingOverride:	The method 'update(Observable, Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/AuthnCacheWatcher.java:101:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/AuthnCacheWatcher.java:118:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/AuthnCacheWatcher.java:124:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:37:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.entity.api.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:117:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:118:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'id'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:133:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:289:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:290:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:297:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:335:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 's'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:590:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:590:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:603:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:620:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:697:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:709:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'open': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:714:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'close': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:723:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'check': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:732:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'get': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:741:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'put': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:750:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'edit': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:758:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'commit': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:766:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cancel': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:774:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'remove': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:850:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:854:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:861:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:913:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:917:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:952:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:973:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:980:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:999:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:1081:	MissingOverride:	The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:1083:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:1083:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:1094:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hashCode()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:1104:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:1107:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:1107:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:1110:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'compare'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:1137:	MissingOverride:	The method 'finalize()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:1218:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesService.java:1226:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:263:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:264:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'id'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:279:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:303:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:411:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:430:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:432:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:659:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:664:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:666:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:734:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:748:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:820:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:845:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:894:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:909:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:923:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:927:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:973:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:978:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:987:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1015:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1049:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1054:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1080:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1085:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1110:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1115:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1140:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1145:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1171:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1176:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1202:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1285:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1364:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'users'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1373:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'all'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1622:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1622:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1637:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1660:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1664:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1668:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1683:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1691:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1695:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1757:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1773:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1938:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1947:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1950:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'UserNotDefinedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1950:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1979:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1979:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:1992:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2009:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2060:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2070:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2074:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2077:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2094:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2103:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2107:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2110:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2208:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2274:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2278:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2298:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2308:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2358:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2359:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2384:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2386:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2396:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2413:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2414:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2415:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2579:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2588:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2591:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2636:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2662:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2671:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2682:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2694:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2716:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2743:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2744:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2748:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2749:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2749:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2757:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hashCode()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2773:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2776:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2776:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2794:	MissingOverride:	The method 'finalize()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:2813:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:3014:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:3040:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:3048:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:3067:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'open': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:3072:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'close': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:3081:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'check': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:3090:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getById': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:3099:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'findUsersByEmail': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:3106:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAll': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:3117:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getAll': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:3124:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'count': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:3137:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'search': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:3146:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'countSearch': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:3157:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'put': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:3166:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'edit': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:3175:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'commit': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:3183:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'cancel': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:3191:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'remove': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:3199:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'readProperties': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:3210:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'putMap': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:3219:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'checkMapForEid': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:3228:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'checkMapForId': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:3238:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUsersByIds': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryService.java:3248:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getUsersByEids': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbPreferencesService.java:114:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:163:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:165:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:228:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:235:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:243:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'all'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:250:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'all'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:262:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:265:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:268:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:276:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:283:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:306:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:310:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:321:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:324:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:338:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:384:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:440:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'email_lc'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:440:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'email_lc' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:454:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:462:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:479:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:507:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:519:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:548:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:575:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:589:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:622:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:637:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/DbUserService.java:870:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/OpenAuthnComponent.java:89:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/OpenAuthnComponent.java:104:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/PasswordPolicyProviderDefaultImpl.java:137:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/PasswordPolicyProviderDefaultImpl.java:146:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/PasswordPolicyProviderDefaultImpl.java:151:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/PasswordPolicyProviderDefaultImpl.java:166:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/PasswordService.java:84:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/PasswordService.java:175:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'hash'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/PasswordService.java:205:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/PrecachingDbUserService.java:133:	PrimitiveWrapperInstantiation:	Do not use `new Integer(...)`, prefer `Integer.valueOf(...)`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/PrecachingDbUserService.java:140:	PrimitiveWrapperInstantiation:	Do not use `new Integer(...)`, prefer `Integer.valueOf(...)`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/PrecachingDbUserService.java:144:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/PrecachingDbUserService.java:146:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/PrecachingDbUserService.java:171:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/PrecachingDbUserService.java:241:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/PrecachingDbUserService.java:242:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/PrecachingDbUserService.java:252:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/PrecachingDbUserService.java:253:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/PrecachingDbUserService.java:263:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/PrecachingDbUserService.java:264:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/PrecachingDbUserService.java:274:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/PrecachingDbUserService.java:275:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/PrecachingDbUserService.java:296:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/ReEncryptPasswords.java:35:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/ReEncryptPasswords.java:54:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/ReEncryptPasswords.java:60:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/ReEncryptPasswords.java:63:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/ReEncryptPasswords.java:74:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/ReEncryptPasswords.java:76:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this PreparedStatement object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/ReEncryptPasswords.java:77:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/ReEncryptPasswords.java:79:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/ReEncryptPasswords.java:96:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/UserAuthnComponent.java:154:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/UserAuthnComponent.java:161:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'ex' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:118:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:119:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:120:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:121:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:152:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:157:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:178:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:186:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:198:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:211:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:231:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:344:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'loader'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:523:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:531:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:569:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:616:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:677:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:722:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:729:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:736:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:742:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:763:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:865:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:872:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:878:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:893:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:898:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:912:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:913:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:956:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:957:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:975:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:980:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1009:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1010:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1026:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1031:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1034:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1035:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1036:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1037:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1038:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1039:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1047:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1061:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1068:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'didTrim'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1068:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1105:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1118:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1123:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1128:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1132:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1154:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1160:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Character' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1169:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'java.lang': 'Character' is already in scope because it is declared in java.lang
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1179:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1207:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1215:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1239:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1258:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1260:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1264:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1268:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1275:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1289:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1290:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1291:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1297:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1305:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1341:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1343:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'URISyntaxException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1344:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1357:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1388:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1389:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1390:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1402:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1455:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1479:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1480:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextImpl.java:1521:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	Switch statements should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/LinkMigrationHelperImpl.java:48:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/LinkMigrationHelperImpl.java:92:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/LinkMigrationHelperImpl.java:94:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/LinkMigrationHelperImpl.java:113:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/LinkMigrationHelperImpl.java:175:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Elements'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/LinkMigrationHelperImpl.java:176:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Elements'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/LinkMigrationHelperImpl.java:177:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Elements'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockAuthzGroupService.java:29:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockAuthzGroupService.java:82:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockAuthzGroupService.java:92:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockAuthzGroupService.java:97:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockAuthzGroupService.java:103:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockAuthzGroupService.java:106:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockAuthzGroupService.java:108:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockAuthzGroupService.java:113:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockAuthzGroupService.java:119:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockAuthzGroupService.java:128:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockAuthzGroupService.java:133:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockAuthzGroupService.java:139:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockAuthzGroupService.java:144:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockAuthzGroupService.java:212:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockAuthzGroupService.java:225:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockAuthzGroupService.java:272:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockAuthzGroupService.java:290:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockAuthzGroupService.java:294:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockAuthzGroupService.java:303:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockSecurityService.java:29:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.exception.IdUnusedException'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockSecurityService.java:30:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.exception.SakaiException'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockSecurityService.java:31:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.site.api.Site'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockSecurityService.java:129:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockServerConfigurationService.java:41:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockServerConfigurationService.java:104:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockServerConfigurationService.java:124:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockServerConfigurationService.java:129:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockServerConfigurationService.java:134:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockServerConfigurationService.java:139:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockServerConfigurationService.java:144:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockServerConfigurationService.java:176:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockServerConfigurationService.java:187:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockServerConfigurationService.java:192:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakai/memory/impl/test/MockServerConfigurationService.java:240:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/AdvisorTest.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.fail'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/AdvisorTest.java:38:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/AdvisorTest.java:48:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/AdvisorTest.java:48:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/AdvisorTest.java:99:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/AuthzGroupBuilder.java:29:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.mock'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/AuthzGroupBuilder.java:30:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.when'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DummyUserEncodingTest.java:40:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DummyUserEncodingTest.java:56:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DummyUserEncodingTest.java:63:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DummyUserEncodingTest.java:73:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/DummyUserEncodingTest.java:80:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/RoleProviderTest.java:48:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/RoleSwapMembershipTest.java:47:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/RoleSwapMembershipTest.java:59:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'securityService'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/RoleSwapMembershipTest.java:130:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'securityService'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/RoleSwapMembershipTest.java:158:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurityTest.java:21:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.junit.runner.RunWith'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurityTest.java:25:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.mockito.junit.MockitoJUnitRunner'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurityTest.java:41:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.hamcrest.MatcherAssert.assertThat'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurityTest.java:42:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.hamcrest.collection.IsIterableContainingInAnyOrder.containsInAnyOrder'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurityTest.java:43:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.ArgumentMatchers.any'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurityTest.java:44:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.ArgumentMatchers.anyBoolean'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurityTest.java:45:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.ArgumentMatchers.anyString'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurityTest.java:46:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurityTest.java:47:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.eq'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurityTest.java:91:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'group'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurityTest.java:112:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'group'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/SakaiSecurityTest.java:139:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'group'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/test/AuthzTestEntityParsing.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertFalse'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/test/AuthzTestEntityParsing.java:19:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertTrue'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/test/AuthzTestEntityParsing.java:20:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.sakaiproject.authz.api.AuthzGroupService.APPLICATION_ID'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/test/AuthzTestEntityParsing.java:39:	ClassNamingConventions:	The class name 'AuthzTestEntityParsing' doesn't match '^Test.*$|^[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*Test(s|Case)?$'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/test/AuthzTestEntityParsing.java:70:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/test/AuthzTestEntityParsing.java:78:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/test/AuthzTestEntityParsing.java:86:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/test/DbAuthzTest.java:44:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/test/DbAuthzTest.java:59:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/test/DbAuthzTest.java:66:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'size'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/authz/impl/test/DbAuthzTest.java:76:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationServiceTest.java:69:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationServiceTest.java:127:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'cd'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationServiceTest.java:155:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'testKNL_1052' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationServiceTest.java:254:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationServiceTest.java:265:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'testKNL_1132' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationServiceTest.java:292:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'testSAK_39751' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/BasicConfigurationServiceTest.java:305:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'testKNL_1137' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationServiceTest.java:23:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.hamcrest.core.IsCollectionContaining.hasItems'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationServiceTest.java:24:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.hamcrest.core.IsNot.not'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/impl/ToolConfigurationServiceTest.java:25:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/test/ConfigurationLoadingTest.java:47:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/test/ConfigurationLoadingTest.java:59:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/test/ConfigurationLoadingTest.java:60:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/test/ConfigurationLoadingTest.java:62:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/test/ConfigurationLoadingTest.java:64:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/test/ConfigurationLoadingTest.java:65:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/test/ConfigurationLoadingTest.java:66:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/test/ConfigurationLoadingTest.java:68:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/test/ConfigurationLoadingTest.java:70:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/test/ConfigurationLoadingTest.java:73:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/test/ConfigurationLoadingTest.java:75:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/test/ConfigurationLoadingTest.java:80:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/test/ConfigurationLoadingTest.java:84:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/test/ConfigurationLoadingTest.java:270:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/test/ConfigurationLoadingTest.java:316:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/test/ConfigurationLoadingTest.java:327:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/test/ConfigurationLoadingTest.java:327:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/test/ConfigurationLoadingTest.java:329:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/test/DynamicConfigurationTest.java:45:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/test/DynamicConfigurationTest.java:62:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/test/MockComponent.java:34:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/test/dynamic/DbPropertiesDao.java:48:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/component/test/dynamic/DbPropertiesDao.java:49:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ToyConditionsService.java:54:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ToyConditionsService.java:62:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ToyConditionsService.java:64:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/conditions/impl/ToyConditionsService.java:78:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/config/test/StoredConfigServiceTest.java:63:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/config/test/StoredConfigServiceTest.java:79:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/config/test/StoredConfigServiceTest.java:90:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/config/test/StoredConfigServiceTest.java:117:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/config/test/StoredConfigServiceTest.java:143:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/config/test/StoredConfigServiceTest.java:151:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentServiceFixTypeAndIdTest.java:28:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertEquals'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentServiceFixTypeAndIdTest.java:29:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertNull'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentServiceFixTypeAndIdTest.java:30:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.mock'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentServiceFixTypeAndIdTest.java:31:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.when'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentServiceFixTypeAndIdTest.java:39:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'id' could be replaced by a local variable.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentServiceFixTypeAndIdTest.java:40:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'type' could be replaced by a local variable.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentServiceFixTypeAndIdTest.java:41:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'extType' could be replaced by a local variable.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentServiceTest.java:21:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertFalse'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/BaseContentServiceTest.java:22:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertTrue'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ChainedInputStreamTest.java:28:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertArrayEquals'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ChainedInputStreamTest.java:29:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertEquals'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ChainedInputStreamTest.java:40:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ChainedInputStreamTest.java:69:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/ChainedInputStreamTest.java:102:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'bytes'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/WrappedContentResourceTest.java:34:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertArrayEquals'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/WrappedContentResourceTest.java:35:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertEquals'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/WrappedContentResourceTest.java:36:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.when'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/WrappedInputStreamTest.java:29:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertEquals'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/ByteStorageConversionCheck.java:38:	ClassNamingConventions:	The class name 'ByteStorageConversionCheck' doesn't match '^Test.*$|^[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*Test(s|Case)?$'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/ByteStorageConversionCheck.java:63:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/ByteStorageConversionCheck.java:83:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/ByteStorageConversionCheck.java:84:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/ByteStorageConversionCheck.java:88:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/GMTDateformatterTest.java:65:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/GMTDateformatterTest.java:66:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/GMTDateformatterTest.java:68:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/GMTDateformatterTest.java:88:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/GMTDateformatterTest.java:98:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/GMTDateformatterTest.java:106:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/GMTDateformatterTest.java:107:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/GMTDateformatterTest.java:109:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockSerializableCollectionAcccess.java:26:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'java.util.Date'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockSerializableCollectionAcccess.java:80:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 's'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockSerializableCollectionAcccess.java:198:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockSerializableCollectionAcccess.java:199:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockSerializableCollectionAcccess.java:201:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockSerializableCollectionAcccess.java:202:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockSerializableCollectionAcccess.java:213:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'set_id2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockSerializableCollectionAcccess.java:215:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockSerializablePropertiesAccess.java:81:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockSerializablePropertiesAccess.java:85:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockSerializablePropertiesAccess.java:92:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'set_id2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockSerializablePropertiesAccess.java:94:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockSerializableResourceAcccess.java:89:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 's'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockSerializableResourceAcccess.java:295:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockSerializableResourceAcccess.java:296:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockSerializableResourceAcccess.java:298:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockSerializableResourceAcccess.java:299:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockSerializableResourceAcccess.java:317:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'set_id2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockSerializableResourceAcccess.java:319:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockTime.java:57:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockTime.java:104:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'zone'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockTime.java:104:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'year'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockTime.java:104:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'month'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockTime.java:104:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'day'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockTime.java:104:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'hour'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockTime.java:104:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'minute'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockTime.java:104:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'second'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockTime.java:104:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'millisecond'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockTime.java:117:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'zone'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockTime.java:117:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'tb'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockTime.java:125:	ProperCloneImplementation:	Object clone() should be implemented with super.clone()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockTime.java:125:	MissingOverride:	The method 'clone()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockTime.java:125:	CloneMethodReturnTypeMustMatchClassName:	The return type of the clone() method must be the class name when implements Cloneable
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockTime.java:125:	CloneMethodMustImplementCloneable:	clone() method should be implemented only if implementing Cloneable interface
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockTime.java:133:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockTime.java:275:	MissingOverride:	The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockTime.java:283:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hashCode()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockTimeService.java:26:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.anyLong'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockTimeService.java:27:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.mock'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockTimeService.java:28:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.when'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/MockTimeService.java:34:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/ProfileSerializerTest.java:48:	DoNotCallGarbageCollectionExplicitly:	Do not explicitly trigger a garbage collection.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/ProfileSerializerTest.java:60:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/ProfileSerializerTest.java:61:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/ProfileSerializerTest.java:62:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/ProfileSerializerTest.java:62:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/ProfileSerializerTest.java:63:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/ProfileSerializerTest.java:64:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/ProfileSerializerTest.java:66:	DoNotCallGarbageCollectionExplicitly:	Do not explicitly trigger a garbage collection.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/ProfileSerializerTest.java:78:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/ProfileSerializerTest.java:79:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/ProfileSerializerTest.java:80:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/ProfileSerializerTest.java:80:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/ProfileSerializerTest.java:81:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/ProfileSerializerTest.java:82:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/Type1BaseContentCollectionSerializerTest.java:59:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 's'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/Type1BaseContentCollectionSerializerTest.java:62:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 's1'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/Type1BaseContentCollectionSerializerTest.java:64:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/Type1BaseContentCollectionSerializerTest.java:81:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/Type1BaseContentResourceSerializerTest.java:60:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 's'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/Type1BaseContentResourceSerializerTest.java:63:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 's1'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/Type1BaseContentResourceSerializerTest.java:65:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/serialize/impl/test/Type1BaseContentResourceSerializerTest.java:82:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceRecycleTest.java:63:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceRecycleTest.java:120:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceRecycleTest.java:163:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceRecycleTest.java:185:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'c'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceRecycleTest.java:200:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceRecycleTest.java:207:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceRecycleTest.java:214:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceRecycleTest.java:221:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.runners.MethodSorters.NAME_ASCENDING'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:23:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'java.util.Arrays'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:73:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:97:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:124:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:126:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:129:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:132:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:134:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:135:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:154:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:156:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:192:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:193:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:194:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:196:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:223:	AvoidInstanceofChecksInCatchClause:	An instanceof check is being performed on the caught exception.  Create a separate catch clause for this exception type.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:250:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:253:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'UploadFile' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:254:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'DisplayName' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:282:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:308:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:313:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'CHSfileName' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:323:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:331:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'ch'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:332:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'm_sqlService' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:336:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:337:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Statement object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:392:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'm_sqlService' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:394:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:404:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentHostingServiceTest.java:413:	UnnecessaryReturn:	Unnecessary return statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/ContentIntegrationTestDisabled.java:55:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/FileConversionServiceTest.java:21:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.runners.MethodSorters.NAME_ASCENDING'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/FileConversionServiceTest.java:30:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unnecessary import from the current package 'org.sakaiproject.content.impl.test.FileConversionServiceTestConfiguration'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/FileConversionServiceTestConfiguration.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.mock'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/FileConversionServiceTestConfiguration.java:19:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.when'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/FileConversionServiceTestConfiguration.java:95:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/FileConversionServiceTestConfiguration.java:129:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'chs'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/FileConversionServiceTestConfiguration.java:136:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'ss'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/MockContentCollection.java:67:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/MockContentCollection.java:76:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/MockContentEntity.java:78:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/MockContentEntity.java:169:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/MockContentEntity.java:197:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/MockContentEntity.java:205:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/MockContentEntity.java:339:	UnconditionalIfStatement:	Do not use if statements that are always true or always false
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/MockContentEntity.java:411:	UnconditionalIfStatement:	Do not use if statements that are always true or always false
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/MockContentResource.java:119:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/MockContentResource.java:119:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/MockContentResource.java:198:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'stream'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/MockVirusScanner.java:28:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Matchers.anyString'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/MockVirusScanner.java:29:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.doNothing'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/MockVirusScanner.java:30:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.doThrow'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/MockVirusScanner.java:31:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.when'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/MockVirusScanner.java:40:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/RoleAccessTest.java:23:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.junit.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/RoleAccessTest.java:31:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.exception.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/RoleAccessTest.java:39:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/RoleAccessTest.java:158:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/RoleAccessTest.java:205:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/RoleViewTest.java:20:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.junit.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/RoleViewTest.java:22:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.authz.api.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/RoleViewTest.java:25:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.exception.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/RoleViewTest.java:30:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/RoleViewTest.java:31:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.runners.MethodSorters.NAME_ASCENDING'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/VirusScannerTest.java:41:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.runners.MethodSorters.NAME_ASCENDING'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/content/impl/test/VirusScannerTest.java:60:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/test/EmailServiceTest.java:72:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/test/EmailServiceTest.java:75:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/test/EmailServiceTest.java:76:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/test/EmailServiceTest.java:94:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/test/EmailServiceTest.java:140:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/test/EmailServiceTest.java:178:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this FileWriter object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/test/EmailServiceTest.java:184:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this FileWriter object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/test/EmailServiceTest.java:208:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/test/EmailServiceTest.java:223:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/test/EmailServiceTest.java:239:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/test/EmailServiceTest.java:251:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/test/EmailServiceTest.java:254:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/test/EmailServiceTest.java:262:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/test/EmailServiceTest.java:281:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/test/EmailServiceTest.java:284:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/email/impl/test/EmailServiceTest.java:292:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/test/EmailTemplateServiceTest.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.runners.MethodSorters.NAME_ASCENDING'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/test/EmailTemplateServiceTest.java:161:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/test/EmailTemplateServiceTest.java:164:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/test/EmailTemplateServiceTest.java:172:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/test/EmailTemplateServiceTest.java:175:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/test/EmailTemplateServiceTest.java:184:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/test/EmailTemplateServiceTest.java:187:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/test/EmailTemplateServiceTest.java:195:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/test/EmailTemplateServiceTest.java:198:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/test/EmailTemplateServiceTest.java:213:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/test/EmailTemplateServiceTest.java:221:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/test/EmailTemplateServiceTest.java:224:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/test/EmailTemplateServiceTestConfiguration.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.mock'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/test/EmailTemplateServiceTestConfiguration.java:19:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.when'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/test/EmailTemplateServiceTestConfiguration.java:34:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.component.api.ServerConfigurationService'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/test/EmailTemplateServiceTestConfiguration.java:96:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/emailtemplateservice/impl/test/EmailTemplateServiceTestConfiguration.java:116:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'ss'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/test/EntityManagerComponentTest.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertNotNull'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/test/EntityManagerComponentTest.java:19:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertNull'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/test/EntityManagerComponentTest.java:33:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.mock'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/test/EntityManagerComponentTest.java:34:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.when'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/test/EntityManagerComponentTest.java:35:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.any'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/test/EntityManagerComponentTest.java:41:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/entity/impl/test/EntityManagerComponentTest.java:48:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/test/LearningResourceStoreServiceTest.java:30:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.when'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/test/LearningResourceStoreServiceTest.java:51:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'LearningResourceStoreServiceIsValid' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/test/LearningResourceStoreServiceTest.java:56:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'LearningResourceStoreService' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/event/impl/test/LearningResourceTestConfiguration.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.mock'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/test/CachingMessageBundleTest.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.reset'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/test/CachingMessageBundleTest.java:19:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.verify'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/test/CachingMessageBundleTest.java:20:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.when'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/test/CachingMessageBundleTestConfiguration.java:39:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'dbMessageBundleService'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/test/CachingMessageBundleTestConfiguration.java:45:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'memoryService'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/test/MessageBundleTest.java:21:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.runners.MethodSorters.NAME_ASCENDING'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/test/MessageBundleTest.java:79:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/test/MessageBundleTest.java:82:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/test/MessageBundleTest.java:96:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/test/MessageBundleTest.java:99:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/test/MessageBundleTest.java:102:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/test/MessageBundleTest.java:113:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/test/MessageBundleTest.java:116:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/test/MessageBundleTest.java:147:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/test/MessageBundleTest.java:175:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/test/MessageBundleTestConfiguration.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.ArgumentMatchers.eq'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/test/MessageBundleTestConfiguration.java:19:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.mock'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/test/MessageBundleTestConfiguration.java:20:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.when'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messagebundle/impl/test/MessageBundleTestConfiguration.java:88:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/RuntimeRegistrationTest.java:28:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unnecessary import from the current package 'org.sakaiproject.messaging.impl.UserMessagingServiceImpl'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/RuntimeRegistrationTest.java:31:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.site.api.SiteService'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/RuntimeRegistrationTest.java:39:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.assertj.core.api.Assertions.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/RuntimeRegistrationTest.java:40:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/RuntimeRegistrationTest.java:41:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/RuntimeRegistrationTest.java:68:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenNoHandlers_whenInitializing_thenItStartsUp' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/RuntimeRegistrationTest.java:78:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenARegisteredHandler_whenMatchingEventOccurs_thenTheHandlerReceivesIt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/RuntimeRegistrationTest.java:105:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenARegisteredHandler_whenNonMatchingEventOccurs_thenTheHandlerDoesNotReceiveIt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/RuntimeRegistrationTest.java:120:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenAUnregisteredHandler_whenAMatchingEventOccurs_thenTheHandlerDoesNotReceiveIt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/RuntimeRegistrationTest.java:136:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenARegisteredHandler_whenWeRegisterForTheSameEvent_thenTheNewHandlerReceivesIt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/RuntimeRegistrationTest.java:166:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenARegisteredHandler_whenWeRegisterForTheSameEvent_thenTheOldHandlerDoesNotReceiveIt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/RuntimeRegistrationTest.java:194:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'givenADifferentHandlerIsRegisteredForAnEvent_whenWeUnregisterForThatEvent_thenTheOldHandlerStillReceivesIt' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/RuntimeRegistrationTest.java:211:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/RuntimeRegistrationTest.java:221:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'ATestEvent' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceTestConfiguration.java:20:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceTests.java:26:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unnecessary import from the current package 'org.sakaiproject.messaging.impl.UserMessagingServiceImpl'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceTests.java:28:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.site.api.SiteService'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceTests.java:33:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.user.api.UserDirectoryService'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceTests.java:44:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.springframework.test.context.junit4.AbstractTransactionalJUnit4SpringContextTests'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceTests.java:48:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceTests.java:52:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceTests.java:85:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceTests.java:91:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceTests.java:94:	UnnecessarySemicolon:	Unnecessary semicolon
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceTests.java:147:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'updatedUserNotification1'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceTests.java:148:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'updatedUserNotification2'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/messaging/impl/UserMessagingServiceTests.java:175:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePageTitleTest.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePageTitleTest.java:33:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unnecessary import from the current package 'org.sakaiproject.site.impl.BaseSitePage'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePageTitleTest.java:34:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unnecessary import from the current package 'org.sakaiproject.site.impl.BaseSiteService'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePageTitleTest.java:44:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePageTitleTest.java:61:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePageTitleTest.java:87:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePageTitleTest.java:101:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePageTitleTest.java:115:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePageTitleTest.java:135:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePageTitleTest.java:163:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePageTitleTest.java:177:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/BaseSitePageTitleTest.java:201:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/SiteServiceTest.java:171:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteAliasCleanupNotificationActionIntegrationTest.java:55:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteAliasCleanupNotificationActionIntegrationTest.java:91:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteAliasCleanupNotificationActionIntegrationTest.java:109:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteAliasCleanupNotificationActionTest.java:70:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteAliasCleanupNotificationActionTest.java:93:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteAliasCleanupNotificationActionTest.java:98:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteAliasCleanupNotificationActionTest.java:107:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteAliasCleanupNotificationActionTest.java:113:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteAliasCleanupNotificationActionTest.java:124:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteAliasCleanupNotificationActionTest.java:145:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteAliasCleanupNotificationActionTest.java:161:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteAliasCleanupNotificationActionTest.java:162:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteAliasCleanupNotificationActionTest.java:177:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteAliasCleanupNotificationActionTest.java:187:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'setField(String, Class<?>, Object, Object)'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteAliasCleanupNotificationActionTest.java:191:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteSearchTest.java:52:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteServiceTest.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertEquals'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteServiceTest.java:39:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.site.impl.BaseSitePage'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteServiceTest.java:59:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteServiceTest.java:74:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteServiceTest.java:75:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IdUsedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteServiceTest.java:76:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteServiceTest.java:94:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteServiceTest.java:95:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IdUsedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteServiceTest.java:96:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteServiceTest.java:128:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteServiceTest.java:199:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/site/impl/test/SiteServiceTest.java:202:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tasks/impl/test/TaskServiceTest.java:21:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.runners.MethodSorters.NAME_ASCENDING'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tasks/impl/test/TaskServiceTest.java:28:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tasks/impl/test/TaskServiceTest.java:33:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tasks/impl/test/TaskServiceTest.java:160:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tasks/impl/test/TaskServiceTest.java:172:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tasks/impl/test/TaskServiceTest.java:179:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'task'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tasks/impl/test/TaskServiceTest.java:206:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tasks/impl/test/TaskServiceTestConfiguration.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.mock'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/test/SakaiKernelTestBase.java:36:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/test/BaseTimeServiceTest.java:20:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.mockito.Mockito'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/test/BaseTimeServiceTest.java:22:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.time.api.TimeService'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/test/BaseTimeServiceTest.java:24:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.tool.api.SessionManager'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/test/BaseTimeServiceTest.java:27:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.time.impl.BasicTimeService.MyTimeRange'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/test/BaseTimeServiceTest.java:29:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertEquals'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/test/BaseTimeServiceTest.java:30:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.mock'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/test/BaseTimeServiceTest.java:31:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.when'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/time/impl/test/TimeRangeTest.java:34:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertEquals'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponentTest.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertEquals'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponentTest.java:19:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertFalse'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponentTest.java:20:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertNotNull'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponentTest.java:21:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertNull'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponentTest.java:22:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertTrue'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponentTest.java:31:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.mock'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponentTest.java:32:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.when'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponentTest.java:239:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/ActiveToolComponentTest.java:240:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/BaseSessionComponentTest.java:27:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.tool.api.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/BaseSessionComponentTest.java:117:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/BaseSessionComponentTest.java:161:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/BaseSessionComponentTest.java:171:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/BaseSessionComponentTest.java:192:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/BaseSessionComponentTest.java:198:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/BaseSessionComponentTest.java:205:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/BaseSessionComponentTest.java:213:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/BaseSessionComponentTest.java:223:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/BaseSessionComponentTest.java:237:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySessionTest.java:91:	MissingOverride:	The method 'call()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySessionTest.java:101:	MissingOverride:	The method 'call()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySessionTest.java:133:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySessionTest.java:151:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySessionTest.java:173:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySessionTest.java:207:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySessionTest.java:211:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySessionTest.java:227:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySessionTest.java:237:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'sessionAttribValue'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySessionTest.java:252:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySessionTest.java:264:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySessionTest.java:278:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySessionTest.java:281:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySessionTest.java:401:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySessionTest.java:487:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySessionTest.java:499:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySessionTest.java:625:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySessionTest.java:629:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySessionTest.java:634:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySessionTest.java:634:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySessionTest.java:646:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySessionTest.java:647:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'InterruptedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySessionTest.java:647:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/MySessionTest.java:678:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:72:	MissingOverride:	The method 'call()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:96:	MissingOverride:	The method 'call()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:186:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:197:	MissingOverride:	The method 'call()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:229:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:306:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:317:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:327:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:336:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:353:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:364:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:378:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:385:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:488:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:530:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:534:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:585:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:590:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:618:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:626:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:631:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:641:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'session'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:651:	MissingOverride:	The method 'call()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:676:	MissingOverride:	The method 'call()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:680:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:688:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'session'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:699:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'session'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:709:	MissingOverride:	The method 'call()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:713:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:728:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:736:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:737:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:748:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:784:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:808:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/tool/impl/SessionComponentRegressionTest.java:818:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesServiceTest.java:49:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesServiceTest.java:54:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BasePreferencesServiceTest.java:56:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryServiceTest.java:71:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryServiceTest.java:74:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryServiceTest.java:76:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryServiceTest.java:95:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryServiceTest.java:161:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserDirectoryServiceTest.java:191:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserEqualsTest.java:26:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertEquals'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserEqualsTest.java:27:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.mock'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/BaseUserEqualsTest.java:28:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.when'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/ConcreteUserDirectoryService.java:26:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.thread_local.api.ThreadLocalManager'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/PasswordServiceTest.java:21:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unnecessary import from the current package 'org.sakaiproject.user.impl.PasswordService'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/AuthenticatedUserProviderTest.java:63:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/AuthenticatedUserProviderTest.java:123:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/AuthenticatedUserProviderTest.java:131:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/AuthenticatedUserProviderTest.java:138:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/AuthenticatedUserProviderTest.java:164:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/AuthenticatedUserProviderTest.java:175:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/AuthenticatedUserProviderTest.java:175:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/AuthenticatedUserProviderTest.java:191:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/AuthenticatedUserProviderTest.java:195:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/AuthenticatedUserProviderTest.java:196:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/AuthenticatedUserProviderTest.java:199:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/AuthenticatedUserProviderTest.java:240:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/AuthenticatedUserProviderTest.java:257:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/AuthenticationCacheTest.java:42:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'userDirectoryService' could be replaced by a local variable.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/AuthenticationCacheTest.java:52:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/AuthenticationCacheTest.java:58:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/AuthenticationCacheTest.java:65:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/AuthenticationCacheTest.java:70:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/AuthenticationCacheTest.java:78:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/AuthenticationCacheTest.java:100:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/AuthenticationCacheTest.java:105:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/ContextualDisplayServiceTest.java:59:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'siteService' could be replaced by a local variable.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/ContextualDisplayServiceTest.java:77:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/ContextualDisplayServiceTest.java:179:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/ContextualDisplayServiceTest.java:217:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/ContextualDisplayServiceTest.java:257:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/ContextualDisplayServiceTest.java:265:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/GetUsersByEidTest.java:80:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/GetUsersByEidTest.java:155:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/GetUsersByEidTest.java:230:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/GetUsersByEidTest.java:231:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/RequireLocalAccountLegacyAuthenticationTest.java:72:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/RequireLocalAccountLegacyAuthenticationTest.java:75:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/RequireLocalAccountLegacyAuthenticationTest.java:77:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/RequireLocalAccountLegacyAuthenticationTest.java:91:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/RequireLocalAccountLegacyAuthenticationTest.java:138:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/RequireLocalAccountLegacyAuthenticationTest.java:163:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:72:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:75:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:77:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:105:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:127:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:133:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:134:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:137:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:137:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:214:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:278:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:278:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:279:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:283:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:283:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:285:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:304:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:321:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:325:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:333:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:337:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:347:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:369:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:372:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'UserAlreadyDefinedException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:380:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:383:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:383:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:391:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:395:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/user/impl/test/UserDirectoryServiceGetTest.java:409:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:46:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.mock'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:66:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'sessionManager' could be replaced by a local variable.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:250:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'SVG_BAD' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:259:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'testSAK_18269' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:265:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'SVG_GOOD' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:266:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'SVG_BAD' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:380:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'testKNL_528' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:383:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'SVG_BAD_CAPS' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:384:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'SVG_BAD' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:451:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'testKNL_579' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:454:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'SCRIPT1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:455:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'SCRIPT2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:456:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'SCRIPT3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:457:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'SCRIPT4' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:508:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'SCRIPT1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:509:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'SCRIPT2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:568:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'testKNL_1019' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:710:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'testKNL_1065' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:743:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'testKNL_1531' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:763:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'testKNL_1061' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:782:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'testKNL_1071' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:802:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'testKNL_1096' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:821:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'testKNL_1407' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:1009:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'testKNL_1253' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:1046:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'testKNL_1464' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:1076:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'testKNL_1487' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:1118:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:1148:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'testKNL_1530' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:1150:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'text'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/FormattedTextTest.java:1221:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'errorMessages'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/LinkMigrationHelperImplTest.java:25:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.assertEquals'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/LinkMigrationHelperImplTest.java:26:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.ArgumentMatchers.anyString'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/LinkMigrationHelperImplTest.java:27:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.when'
sakai/kernel/kernel-impl/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/impl/ResourceTest.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/BaseInteractionAction.java:125:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/BaseInteractionAction.java:136:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/BaseResourceAction.java:111:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getI18nString': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/BaseResourceAction.java:116:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getI18nString': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/BaseResourceType.java:40:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.util.ResourceLoader'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/BaseResourceType.java:56:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'EnumMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/BaseResourceType.java:119:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/BasicResourceType.java:56:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getSizeLabel': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/BasicResourceType.java:65:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getLongSizeLabel': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/BasicResourceType.java:83:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getLabel': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/BasicResourceType.java:90:	UnnecessaryModifier:	Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'getLocalizedHoverText': the method is declared in an interface type
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/BasicResourceType.java:374:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:107:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Hashtable'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:231:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:278:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'de_user' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:279:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'de_handler' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:284:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:308:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:309:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:310:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:310:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:334:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:369:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:385:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:388:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:408:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:411:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:439:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:464:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:490:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'all'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:543:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:556:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:559:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:583:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:586:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:632:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:642:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:697:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:714:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:737:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:774:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:783:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:810:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:842:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:899:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:899:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:920:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:955:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:962:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:1000:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:1012:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:1041:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:1067:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:1093:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:1123:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:1153:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:1178:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:1180:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:1198:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:1200:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:1229:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:1253:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:1283:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:1304:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'er_user' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:1314:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:1339:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:1340:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:1341:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbBinarySingleStorage.java:1341:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:135:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Hashtable'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:293:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'sm_user' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:305:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:310:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'entry'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:319:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:339:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:385:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:388:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:422:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:453:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:456:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:475:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:510:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:516:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:548:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:577:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:602:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:628:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:655:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:684:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:712:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'sm_user' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:723:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:730:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:735:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'entry'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:742:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:765:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:809:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:830:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:848:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:852:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:866:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'count'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:918:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1035:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1037:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1039:	OptimizableToArrayCall:	This call to Collection.toArray() may be optimizable
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1043:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'all'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1075:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1081:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1104:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1108:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1113:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1118:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1121:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1128:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1163:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1174:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1208:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1211:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1231:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1266:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1272:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1303:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1313:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1342:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1369:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1395:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1425:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1454:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1476:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1478:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1494:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1496:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1532:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1653:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty else statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1683:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'entry'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1696:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1699:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1706:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1720:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1763:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'all'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDoubleStorage.java:1771:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'id'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:110:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Hashtable'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:233:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:280:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'de_user' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:281:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'de_handler' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:286:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:310:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:311:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:312:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:312:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:336:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:371:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:387:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:390:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:410:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:413:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:441:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:466:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:511:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'all'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:567:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:580:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:583:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:607:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:610:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:656:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:666:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:720:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:737:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:760:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:797:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:806:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:833:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:865:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:922:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:922:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:943:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:978:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:985:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:1023:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:1035:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:1064:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:1090:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:1116:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:1146:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:1176:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:1201:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:1203:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:1221:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:1223:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:1252:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:1276:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:1306:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:1327:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'er_user' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:1337:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:1362:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:1363:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:1364:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbDualSingleStorage.java:1364:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:77:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:78:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:79:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:121:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Hashtable'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:205:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:209:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:211:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:214:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:219:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:220:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'myCache'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:310:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:344:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:360:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:389:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:408:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:408:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:415:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:493:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'all'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:527:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:529:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'sql'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:579:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:665:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:701:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:701:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:706:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:706:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:780:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:821:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:824:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'ok'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:863:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:898:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:904:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:963:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:996:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:1031:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:1068:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:1141:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:1144:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:1156:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:1192:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:1218:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:1221:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:1252:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:1314:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:1315:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:1328:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:1361:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:1410:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:1411:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:1416:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:1474:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:1516:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:1556:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:1601:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:1645:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:1645:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbFlatStorage.java:1717:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:94:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Hashtable'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:195:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:239:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'sm_user' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:254:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:260:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'entry'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:284:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:316:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:335:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:338:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:358:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:361:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:393:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:421:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:442:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'all'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:450:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'entry'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:520:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:534:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:537:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:560:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:563:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:587:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:597:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:636:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:653:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:675:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:702:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:713:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:740:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:768:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:771:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:791:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:826:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:832:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:855:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:868:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:897:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:919:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:945:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:970:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:999:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:1021:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:1023:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:1039:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:1041:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:1069:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:1093:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseDbSingleStorage.java:1121:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:66:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Hashtable'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:88:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Hashtable'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:91:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Hashtable'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:157:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:165:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:175:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:179:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:188:	UnusedNullCheckInEquals:	Invoke equals() on the object you've already ensured is not null
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:188:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:203:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:231:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Stack'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:257:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:313:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:314:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:326:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:327:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:328:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:341:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:342:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:342:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:364:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:365:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:373:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:392:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:397:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:423:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:462:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:484:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:485:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:486:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:486:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:502:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:503:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:504:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:520:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:521:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:522:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:523:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:523:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:536:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:537:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:538:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:539:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition};`
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:539:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:539:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:559:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:560:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:561:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:562:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:562:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:569:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:570:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:586:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:587:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:588:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:605:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:606:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:607:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:610:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:618:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:638:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:639:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:640:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:643:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:648:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:670:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:671:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:708:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:709:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:731:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:765:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:766:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:767:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:768:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:768:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:776:	MissingOverride:	The method 'compare(Object, Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:779:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:779:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:790:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'compare'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:797:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:802:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:805:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:812:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/BaseXmlFileStorage.java:876:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:103:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:116:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:239:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	Switch statements should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:703:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:717:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:718:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:748:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:842:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:843:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:848:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:849:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:858:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:863:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:871:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:871:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:878:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:880:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:880:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:930:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:931:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:941:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:942:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:969:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1010:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1043:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1048:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1062:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1083:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1088:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1102:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1124:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1129:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1143:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1234:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1235:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1281:	MissingOverride:	The method 'clone()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1281:	CloneMethodReturnTypeMustMatchClassName:	The return type of the clone() method must be the class name when implements Cloneable
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1322:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1334:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hasMoreElements()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1335:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1338:	MissingOverride:	The method 'nextElement()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1369:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1396:	MissingOverride:	The method 'equals(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1397:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1425:	MissingOverride:	The method 'hashCode()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1452:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1518:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1571:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1621:	MissingOverride:	The method 'write(int)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1626:	MissingOverride:	The method 'write(byte[])' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1631:	MissingOverride:	The method 'write(byte[], int, int)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1655:	MissingOverride:	The method 'read()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1664:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1668:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1673:	MissingOverride:	The method 'available()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1706:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1707:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1717:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1718:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1737:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1748:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1753:	AssignmentInOperand:	Avoid assignments in operands
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1778:	MissingOverride:	The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1792:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1803:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1803:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1807:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1819:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1835:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1842:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1874:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1884:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1884:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1922:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1940:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1956:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1961:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:1992:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:2008:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:2139:	ProperCloneImplementation:	Object clone() should be implemented with super.clone()
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:2139:	MissingOverride:	The method 'clone()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Blob.java:2139:	CloneMethodReturnTypeMustMatchClassName:	The return type of the clone() method must be the class name when implements Cloneable
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ByteStorageConversion.java:32:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ByteStorageConversion.java:57:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ByteStorageConversion.java:93:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DefaultEntityHandler.java:61:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DefaultEntityHandler.java:61:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSqlDefault.java:153:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSqlDefault.java:177:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSqlHSql.java:32:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSqlHSql.java:33:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSqlHSql.java:34:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSqlHSql.java:35:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSqlHSql.java:36:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'retval'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSqlHSql.java:43:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSqlHSql.java:44:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSqlHSql.java:45:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'retval'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSqlMySql.java:39:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSqlMySql.java:47:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSqlOracle.java:43:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/DoubleStorageSqlOracle.java:44:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'retval'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityReaderAdapter.java:58:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityReaderAdapter.java:61:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityReaderAdapter.java:102:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityReaderAdapter.java:137:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityReaderAdapter.java:146:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityReaderAdapter.java:169:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/EntityReaderAdapter.java:175:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'entry'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/FlatStorageSqlDefault.java:120:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/FlatStorageSqlMySql.java:37:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MultiSingleStorageSqlDefault.java:125:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MultiSingleStorageSqlHSql.java:34:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'storage_fields' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MultiSingleStorageSqlMySql.java:34:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'storage_fields' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/MultiSingleStorageSqlOracle.java:33:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'storage_fields' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/PathHashUtil.java:35:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/PathHashUtil.java:73:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/SingleStorageSqlDefault.java:129:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StorageUtils.java:58:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StorageUtils.java:72:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'doc'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StorageUtils.java:78:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StorageUtils.java:109:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StorageUtils.java:114:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StorageUtils.java:120:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this InputStreamReader object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StorageUtils.java:129:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StorageUtils.java:135:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this InputStreamReader object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StorageUtils.java:141:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StorageUtils.java:161:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'doc'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StorageUtils.java:166:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StorageUtils.java:179:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this StringReader object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StorageUtils.java:197:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StorageUtils.java:244:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StorageUtils.java:250:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StorageUtils.java:289:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StorageUtils.java:300:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StorageUtils.java:312:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'rv'
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StorageUtils.java:315:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/StorageUtils.java:326:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/CheckConnection.java:54:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/CheckConnection.java:66:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/CheckConnection.java:77:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/CheckConnection.java:85:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/CheckConnection.java:150:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/CheckConnection.java:181:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/CheckConnection.java:189:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/CheckConnection.java:197:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:74:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:88:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:96:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'convert'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:124:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:133:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:144:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:155:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:207:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:217:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:236:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:242:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:267:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:273:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:298:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:304:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:325:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:337:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:345:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:353:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:361:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:369:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:377:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:385:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:395:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:406:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:428:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:437:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'convert'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:453:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:455:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:461:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:466:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:481:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:486:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'convert'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:493:	EmptyControlStatement:	Empty if statement
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:501:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:506:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:517:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:521:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:532:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:545:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'convert'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:575:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:577:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:584:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:588:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:602:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:614:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:616:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:629:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:643:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionController.java:656:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionDriver.java:165:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionDriver.java:183:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionDriver.java:224:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionDriver.java:247:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionDriver.java:273:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/conversion/SchemaConversionException.java:34:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/serialize/Type1BaseResourcePropertiesSerializer.java:153:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/serialize/Type1BaseResourcePropertiesSerializer.java:178:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/serialize/Type1BaseResourcePropertiesSerializer.java:186:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/serialize/Type1BaseResourcePropertiesSerializer.java:197:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-storage-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/serialize/Type1BaseResourcePropertiesSerializer.java:204:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-test/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/test/SakaiTestConfiguration.java:18:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.mock'
sakai/kernel/kernel-test/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/test/SakaiTestConfiguration.java:88:	DoubleBraceInitialization:	Double-brace initialization should be avoided
sakai/kernel/kernel-test/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/test/SakaiTests.java:20:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.sakaiproject.entity.api.EntityManager'
sakai/kernel/kernel-test/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/test/SakaiTests.java:34:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-test/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/test/SakaiTests.java:38:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.junit.Assert.*'
sakai/kernel/kernel-test/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/test/SakaiTests.java:95:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-test/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/test/SakaiTests.java:117:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:92:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:107:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:123:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:150:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:151:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IOException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:152:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:177:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:193:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'resource'.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:198:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:202:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:263:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:286:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:287:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:295:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:298:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:329:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:330:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:331:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:332:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'PermissionException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:333:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:346:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:364:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:372:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:376:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:407:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:433:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:461:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:462:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IOException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:463:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:469:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:487:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:516:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:541:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:543:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'TypeException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:544:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:546:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'TypeException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:547:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:549:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'TypeException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:550:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:570:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'idPrefix'
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/content/util/ZipContentUtil.java:599:	LogicInversion:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/NumberUtil.java:27:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'java.util.Locale'
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/NumberUtil.java:34:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Resource.java:34:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/Resource.java:47:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:70:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ConcurrentHashMap'; use the interface instead
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:79:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:82:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:83:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:84:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:132:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:190:	MissingOverride:	The method 'get(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:209:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:218:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:235:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:242:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:328:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:349:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:435:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:435:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:491:	SimplifyConditional:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:549:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:559:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'MissingResourceException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:563:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'MissingResourceException' branch
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:583:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:609:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:616:	MissingOverride:	The method 'keySet()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:647:	MissingOverride:	The method 'values()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:672:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:688:	GuardLogStatement:	Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:732:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:755:	ControlStatementBraces:	This statement should have braces
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:772:	MissingOverride:	The method 'clear()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:777:	MissingOverride:	The method 'containsKey(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:782:	MissingOverride:	The method 'containsValue(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:787:	MissingOverride:	The method 'entrySet()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:792:	MissingOverride:	The method 'get(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:794:	MissingOverride:	The method 'isEmpty()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:799:	MissingOverride:	The method 'keySet()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:804:	MissingOverride:	The method 'put(Object, Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:809:	MissingOverride:	The method 'putAll(Map)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:814:	MissingOverride:	The method 'remove(Object)' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:819:	MissingOverride:	The method 'size()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoader.java:824:	MissingOverride:	The method 'values()' is missing an @Override annotation.
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ResourceLoaderMessageSource.java:58:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/main/java/org/sakaiproject/util/UserNotificationPreferencesRegistrationImpl.java:95:	UnnecessarySemicolon:	Unnecessary semicolon
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/NumberUtilTest.java:24:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused static import 'org.mockito.Mockito.when'
sakai/kernel/kernel-util/src/test/java/org/sakaiproject/util/ZipContentUtilTest.java:54:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
